I need to activate my card can you do that now?
Is there a limit to how high I can top-up?
The balance hasn't changed yet after depositing a cheque with some money.
Can I get a Visa instead of a MasterCard?
I need my card frozen cause it was used without my consent to take money out. It was in an odd place.
The activation process did not work, please help?
If I have a physical card can I link it?
Do I need to pay more for exchanging currencies?
I was mugged yesterday and they took everything.  I can't access my app.  What are my next steps?
Has my top-up been cancelled?
Can my 8 year old grandson open an account at the bank?
Why is there some cash that I did not deposit in my account?
I can't verify my ID.
What is needed for identity verification?
The rate applied to my foreign purchase was incorrect
If I don't live in the UK, can I get a card?
What is needed for the identity verification?
Help!  My card is stolen.
what's my top-up verification code?
The app isn't letting me log in, but my info is correct.
I was wondering if international transfers take longer than normal because I made a transfer from France a couple of days ago and nothing has happened yet?
I ordered a card and would like to know how to track the delivery progress of it.
How do I find the PIN?
Can you close my account please?
I exchanged cash when traveling and the rate was incorrect.
I was unable to activate my card.
The ATM didn't give me the the withdraw amount requested.
How do I avoid a fee to use an ATM?
I sent a payment but now it's not showing up.
I got some cash but it wasn't the right amount.
Why is the exchange rate different from what I expected?
Why caused my top up to not work?
Are there any charges for topping up a US-issued card?
My account shows that I made a cash withdrawal but I cannot remember doing so!
How is my ATM deposit not available yet?
I have young kids. Can they use this service?
There is a cash withdrawl I don't remember.
Where can I find the verification code for the top up card?
Is it possible to have a discount for exchanging currency frequently?
Can I use the apple watch to make a top-up?
The ATM wouldn't let me withdraw cash.
I would like to see the source of my money.
What is the need to verify my identity?
What currency is supported for exchanges and holding?
How long does it take for a card to arrive?
I was wondering why my payment hasn't gone through yet, its been a while.
How many countries do you support?
Where is the tracking number for the card you sent me?
what amount of time does it take for a transfer to reflect and be available
Where do I order a virtual card?
I do not recognize a direct debit payment that I see on my app
Do you offer disposable virtual cards too?
I'm looking for the cash deposit top up option but can't find it. Can you help me?
How do I verify the top-up card?
It says the transfer wasn't accepted.
How long do transfers to international banks take? I made one to france a couple of days ago, but it's still not there.
I was charged a fee when withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
Is American Express supported for adding funds?
I can't recall my passcode and need to reset it.
Where did this fee come from?
Where can I get a second card?
How much do I have to pay if I want to transfer money?
Please explain why my payment was declined? I thought everything was good.
I got some cash out of the ATM over the holiday and it seems that I've been grossly overcharged. I wouldn't have done that if I knew of these outrageous charges!
I did a transfer and I was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
how do i add money with my apple watch
I need to validate the source of my funds.
I need my PIN unlocked.
should i contact customer support if i can't edit details
Sort your top up out please! It's been pending since an hour already, can you please make this go through asap I really need the money
why was i charged a fee to transfer
Please show me how my friend can send me money.
Where can I find out where my funds came from?
Okay, I found my card, can I put it back in the app?
Where can I view my PIN?
I am trying to revert a transcation I did this morning
What is the best way to get my virtual card?
How do I enable contactless pay?
Why did I get charged more for using my card?
I'm going to cancel a purchase.
Asked for $100 but only got $20. Why would this happen?
whats the exchange charge
I lost my phone! Will my card still work?
What countries do your accounts support?
How long does it take for my physical card to be delivered.
Can I get a few more physical cards?
Where is my virtual card located?
Has my account been frozen?  I tried to use my card but the ATM would not dispense cash.
I ordered something, and now I have buyer's remorse. Since what I ordered hasn't come yet, can you just cancel the payment since I already know I want a refund for it?
I noticed additional charges when transferring?
When will my transfer arrive from Europe?
I made a check deposit but the cash hasn't arrived in my account yet.
Where is my money transfer?
What's the right way to activate my card?
The app wouldn't accept my top up.
I would like a card please.
Why was my virtual card rejected?
The transfer to my account was not allowed.
I am still waiting for my card.
How long is a top up supposed to be pending, because an hour is too long! Can you fix this to go through?
How long will it take to have my card mailed to me?
Why has my payment not gone through?
My money hasn't been transferred yet.
There is a payment showing that I know I didn't make. I didn't use my card that day and I'm sure of it. Can you please cancel that transaction and return my money? Thankyou
I received my card, how do I get it to work in the app?
Is it possible to give a second card for this account to my daughter?
Which outlets accept my card?
how much will I be charged for making a transfer?
I used my card top-up but all of the money is missing.
My card was supposed to arrive, but hasn't?
I purchased something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect.
Where is the transfer to my account?
After I used my card I saw I was charged a fee for using it
What do I do if I cannot access the app?
Why is the cash withdraw I made shown as pending?
Why am I being charge a fee when using an ATM?
Why do you need to know where my money is coming from?
the money i transferred didnt arrive
How do the disposable cards work?
Where is the card PIN?
Card payment was declined, do you know why?
What do you need to verify my identity?
i have yet to get my pin
What different currencies can I get?
The seller of the items I bought online the other day hasn't received the EU transfer yet. How long do these usually take?
Why didn't my card payment work?
Why is there a payment showing twice?
How can I get my money back for a payment i didnt make
When is my balance going to update, I just transferred some money
my virtual card has not came yet!
Hi there, earlier today I tried to take money out of an ATM machine, and something wasn't working.  I didn't actually receive the money, but I just checked and it says that the transaction is still pending.  Can you tell me what's going on here? Am I still being charged for the withdrawal even though I didn't end up getting any money?
How do I unblock my PIN?
Why are my transfers not going through.  I have tried over 4 times to get it to work.  This is just a simple transfer.  Is something else causing this in the system?  Is it broken?
Who can have access to top up my account?
If I exchange currency frequently, can I get a discounted rate?
I hate this ATM, it charged me an extra fee, Why did it charge?
Is my PIN sent separably?
Exchange rate on a purchase was incorrect
How long will it take to deliver something to US?
I lost my passcode.
Why was there an extra charge because I used my card to pay?
The exchange rate applied is wrong for my international purchase.
Can I add money to my card automatically during a trip?
Is there a way I can get my card expedited?
is there a way to fix my top up
I contacted the seller and he won't respond.  Please just refund me my  money.
How can I unblock my PIN?
Is there something wrong with the ATM? It would not let me pull cash out of my account.
which identity details are required
A 500 pound cash withdrawal was just made from my account, but I didn't make it. I am pretty sure my card has been compromised - can you help me?
Where do you export the cards to?
There is an ATM withdrawl in the app I don't recognize.
Where in the app do I go to make my new card show up?
I only got some of the cash I requested from the ATM
Why doesn't a return show up im my account from a purchase I made?
I want a refund on a direct debit.
why wouldn't you support american express? its a card i like and use often and i don't want to get a different one
Why has my money disappeared? I topped up earlier and seen it was there and had went through. What seems to be the problem?
can you top up your account automatically
I didn't get my card back from the ATM.
Anytime I've made an ATM withdrawal before it has always been free. I now say that I have been charged for my most recent ATM withdrawal. What's going on here?
How do I verify my identity online
Why did my payment go back to my account when I bought something?
How can I configure what currency my salary is in if it's in GBP?
The expiration date for my card is coming up, how do I get a new card?
Is there a strict timeline regarding disputing transactions made on my account? I just noticed a fraudulent charge on a statement from a couple months ago.
Do you take both Visa and Mastercard?
I am not receiving the correct exchange rate on my card.
Are there any restrictions on where I use this card?
Somebody has stolen my card, I need help please.
I cannot seem to find my PIN. Where is it?
The amount of cash I selected to withdraw is different than what I received.
What are the restrictions of the disposable cards?
I need to close my account.  Your company is terrible!
Why hasn't the money transfer arrived yet?
Please help me change my PIN.
Can you tell me about these disposable virtual cards?
why isn't my top-up going through?
There is an unauthorized payment in my statement.
How long will this transfer from europe take?
I need to know which flat currencies are supported by you.
How long do I have to wait for a US transfer?
My disposable virtual card was rejected by the merchant, please help?
Where is my card?
Can i top up by card?
Is there a way to lookup where funds came from?
Am I allowed to use different currencies?
Set a new PIN please.
I need to reverse a transaction
I would like to better understand why my pass-code is not working.
How would you use a disposable card?
Can I use my account before my Identity verification has passed?
Where do I go to edit my personal details on my account?
Will there be any extra fees for European bank card for top up?
Is my PIN recorded anywhere?
Is there a charge for getting more cards?
Are there any places that I can't use the disposable cards at?
I see a cash withdrawal in the app that I did not do.
Looks like my card payment was made two time by mistake. I went to pay at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App is on pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
How do I receive a disposable virtual card?
Why does my statement show an extra fee?
What currencies and cards do you support?
How do you top up with a cheque?
I didn't get as much cash as I asked for from the ATM, why?
Even though I made a cash deposit, I am not seeing it in my account.
Where can I find an ATM?
Do you accept cash?
I tried transferring money to a beneficiary, however, I was unsuccessful.
If I want to be able to give my daughter a card for my account, would I be allowed to get one for her?
I tried to make a withdrawal from the ATM, but it was cancelled.
Will I be charged if I add more cards to the account?
Hi,  One of payment is still coming as pending for which i have already paid by card. I guess it did not processed, could you please check and update me.
I think youre system may be broken because I have tried transfer money 5x and it isnt working!  I'm not doing anything complicated it is what I usually do.
Are there ATM fees?
Can cards be dispatched on a specific date?
What's the deal? Money has just disappeared out of my account. I thought you offered crypto top up and it doesn't seem to working.
Balance hasn't been updated following a cheque or cash deposit
Why did I get charged when getting cash?
I accidentally blocked my PIN. How do I reset it?
Help me cancel a transaction.
How recent do my documents need to be for verification?
Your machine took my card. How do I get it back?
How long does a transfer from the US take?
I need to know the process to transfer money into my account.
Why isn't my pending transfer finished?
I didn't see any reason why my transfer was declined. What gives?
how do i get the card linked
How much for an actual card?
What will I be charged for a physical card?
Can I use a different currency with my salary?
How much to exchange currencies?
This card payment isn't is recognition.
How do I activate a card?
Card delivery services? Where?
Is there a way to see my money's source?
Will I be charged to top off my account?
How can I find a way to transfer money without it being rejected?
Can I withdraw money in my hometown currency while on holiday without any additional fees?
My card doesn't accept any transaction at all. What's wrong??
Something's wrong my card won't work.
Could I open an account for children?
Why was my transaction declined?
I need several disposable cards made per day.
exchanging currencies costs what?
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that in reality I didn't make. Maybe someone has access to my card?Can you check whats the issue ?
I want a refund for an item
How long does it take for money to transfer as my balance hasn't been updated
Why won't my virtual card work?
I cannot remember my passcode.
I tried to buy something over the Internet yesterday and got a declined error. I tried again today and got the same message. What is the issue?
My funds must be verified
Hello, i'd like to inform you of an issue i'm currently experiencing. The goods i have ordered from your website have still not arrived yet; it has been over 3 weeks. I would like to be issued a refund swiftly and be redirected to more competent people. Thank you for your assistance.
What happens if the ATM doesn't give the right amount of money?
I tried and tried, but I could not complete my transfer. Tell me what is wrong.
Is there a reason why a recipient might not see my money transaction
How much am I charged for a SEPA transfer?
I wasn't applied the correct exchange rate for an item I bought
I want to go back on what I did this morning
What are the steps for changing my passcode?
Where is the refund on my statement?
I am not satisfied with your company and wish to delete all accounts immediately.
How do I switch to a different currency?
My card has not arrived yet, where is it?
Is there a disposable virtual card I can order?
I just lost my wallet and I see that they are already withdrawing money from my account. How can I stop this?
My card hasn't been working when I try to use it.
What is the limit to top-up?
I deposited a check yesterday and Im not seeing it in my account. i need the money, is there something wrong with my account? check it out please
I live in the UK. Can I get a card?
Please check the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday. I believe I have been overcharged.
I think my transfer failed. What do I do now?
Why do you need me to verify who I am?
What do I need to do to transfer money into my account?
Why isn't my id verified?
how much can i top up?
My receipt shows an extra charge on my transfer, why is this?
I want a reason as to why my beneficiary is not allowed?
The app denied my topped up.
Where can I check out the source of available funds in my account?
I want to see what this fee is on my card payment.
Why was my account charged for using an ATM?
there is money in my account that i didnt put there
How to unblock my PIN?
I need a disposable virtual card, how do I get one?
How long will this take to get to me?
Can I top up using cash?
What currences are available for exchange?
Can I exchange an item for a refund?
My transfer is still coming up as pending.
Why am I being charged the wrong currency exchange when I purchased something abroad?
I submitted a transaction to the incorrect account.
Why was my cash withdrawal given the wrong exchange rate?
How can I sign up for a virtual card?
What kind of documents do I need for the identity check?
Where can I find a list of descriptions the disposable cards have?
what is the status of my refund
Please list the countries you support.
What is the foreign exchange rate you will apply?
Does it cost extra to exchange currencies?
I want to op up my account by using bank transfer. How do I go about it?
I am missing a refund.
Do you offer free ATM withdrawals of ones hometown currency while on holiday?
I think a card payment I made was cancelled.
new customer and filling gas today, it's not working, the thing shows pending half an hour!
Tell me why my card payment was declined.
My phone was stolen yesterday.  What should I do?
I attempted a transfer, but it failed.
Can you help me get rid of my account?
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
How can I alteration my PIN?
Why was I blocked from withdrawing from the ATM?
Can you tell my why my funds transfer did not work properly?
I received $20 but I entered $100
is there a way to do automatic top up
I don't have the means to prove my identity.
Why am I being charged for transfers? Are they not free?
Why am I being charged for withdrawing cash but haven't in the past?
I need to cancel a purchase?
I am blocked now because I entered the wrong pin, need help.
Why didn't my transfer work?
My latest payment was declined, I was told everything was back to working order. What happened?
How can I Use thereto-top option?
Tell me if there is a limit to top-up.
I cannot make transactions with my virtual card.
do I need to verify my identity every time I log into my account?
Can I hold more than one currency?
When can I expect my new card to get here?
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but it was not authorized
Why did the funds for one of my purchase come back to my account?
How can I change my old pin to a new one?
Is there a way to top-up when it reaches a certain balance?
What's the phone number to freeze a card?
Do you have charges now when you pay with a card?
I made a transaction this morning and would like to revert it.
There is more than one of the same transaction on my account.
How do I obtain a second card?
The exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
How much is it to receive money?
I thought you guys offered free transfers. Why was I charged?
I checked my account today and saw that I was charged an extra pound that I did not spend.
I need to transfer funds into my account. How can I do this?
Why would there be an extra charge on my app?
I would like to know where the funds are at.
Do you work with all fiat currencies?
There is a cash withdrawal in my account that isn't mine.
I topped up but my money is not showing. Why is that?
How long does it take for my payment to process?
I should have a refund in my statement but I can't see it
Would I be able to get a second card?
Can you help me track my card?
What happened to my top-up? I think it was cancelled.
How long before transferred money shows up?
What does a pending transaction mean?
My transfer didn't work
When getting my ID checked, what are the steps involved?
My credit card seems to have been declined for top up. Why is it not going through? Can you tell me what's going on?
Why does my top-up get cancelled?
Someone I don't know has used my card without permission.
Why is there a pending time on my transfer?
Can you tell me what countries you operate in?
While on vacation I used an ATM to get cash and was overcharged. These charges are ridiculous and had I known about them I would have never used it.
My card was taken from me
I didn't make a payment at this business.
I understand that this is extremely late. After going over my transactions for the last couple of months I noticed a large charge that I'm sure I did not make. Is there anyway I can still dispute this?
What is the reason for this fee I got after a simple cash withdrawal?
I can't see a refund for a return I completed recently.
How do I transfer funds from my American Express into my account?
I don't understand why my payment was declined. I thought everything was ok.
Why was the exchange rate so wrong when I bought something!
I don't have a PIN at this point.
I was charged for using my card?
Will you assess me more fees if I top up with an international card?
Why did I get less money than I asked for?
I know I'm getting a new card but would like know when I can expect to receive it.
I  have been charged more than I should for the presents I bought  when abroad, the problem seems to be the exchange rate.
I have been double charged
The cast deposit from a week ago still is not in my account. Why?
An incorrect exchange rate was applied to an item I bought.
Explain why a card payment would be cancelled?
What is going on? My top-up is still pending. I use your system all the time but now it is just showing as pending.
I have a payment that shows twice
Why was my withdrawal declined
Do I really need to verify my identity?
My card has not been delivered yet and its been a week since I ordered it, please help
How do you come up with your exchange rate
I had a cheque deposited, but I still haven't seen the cash.
If I am overseas, how do I change my pin?
I want to transfer money using my credit card.
So, I tried topping up my card for the today. Unfortunately, it failed. A couple of days back I used it and it works fine. Can you double check and tell me what's going on?
I purchased something about one to two weeks ago but for some reason the payment was returned to my account today even though I've already received one of the items. Can you tell me what's going on?
Can you explain why I am now getting charged a fee for using my card?
I have transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed
Why am I being charged more on exchange with things I bought abroad?
I need a card, but I'm in the US at the moment.
The exchange rate given to me wasn't correct, after i purchased an item
The fee charged when I changed rubles into British pounds was too much.
Somebody made a withdrawal from my account for 500. I have my card so how can this be? Does somebody have a duplicate card or something? Help please.
A transfer could not be completed.
There is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's the cause for that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound.
What is the time period for money to be transferred?
Why has my top-up not worked?
Why isn't my google top-up pay working?
can i see money source?
How can I check the source of funds?
Can I use my Apple Watch to to top up?
Heyy I tried to top up with my card today but it failed! I just got the couple days before but it has worked last time. What's going on, can you double check please?
Where can I get money from my card?
Can someone in the US have a card?
It seems like a transfer is pending.
Is there an additional charge for topping up using a European card?
How many disposable cards per person?
I need assistance addressing a direct debit that I did not do myself.
Why is my card payment still a pending transaction?
I need to transfer some money, can I use my credit card?
How long does a European transfer take?
Will there be any extra fees if I exchange currencies?
What do I do to Top up my card?
How do I deal with a blocked PIN?
How old do my kids need to be to open an account?
Where can I find an ATM to use this card?
Is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived?
my card was frozen due to putting in the wrong pin too much.  how many tries do i have
Is it possible to get both Visa and Mastercard from you?
I think I was charged a different exchange rate than what was posted at the time.
Top up my card please, which y'all support?
Do I need to do anything? My phone was stolen yesterday.
Can you assist me with unblocking my PIN? I put it in wrong too many times.
There are transactions that I don't recognize. What do I do if I think someone is using my card?
Why would my payment for my card show as pending?
What do you do to transfer money to my account?
Is the fee with my cash withdrawal a mistake?
I would like to cancel my previous purchase.
For some reason my contactless won't work for me.
Can I use my Apple Watch to pay for gas?
My app is displaying a payment I didn't make
I've been waiting ages and my PIN hasn't gotten here.
I transferred my funds, why did it not go through?
There were a couple of payments that I have noticed on my account with my card that I didn't make. Is it possible that somebody else has my card information?
i am not a premium customer but i want a virtual card, how do i get it
What ATMs will accept this type of card?
Why hasn't my transfer been made?
Is my cash withdrawal pending?
I have an outgoing transaction
I have a new card and need to activate it
My card is being declined online. Could you tell me what might be broken or wrong with the account?
When does my transfer from the US arrive in my account?
Can I unblock my pin?
I have a pending transaction
Isn't my top-up supposed to mean its complete?
Why do I have to give you my drivers license
I tried transferring to an account but it won't let me.
What fiat currencies are used for exchange?
I need mastercard as well as visa
How would I use my money in a different country?
phone is gone, what should i do
help me with my transfer
How to order a virtual card
Where do you mail physical cards?
Where do you guys acquire your exchange rate?
I was so embarrassed. Why didn't my payment clear?
How do I get a refund for an item I bought?
Do you have support for flat currencies?
I don't have my cell phone with me so I cannot access the system to complete the transaction.
How long will it take for a bank transfer to show up on my account? It's been a couple hours but I havnt seen anything yet. Also it's from a UK account if that makes any difference.
I am having trouble verifying my id.
When will the money from a transfer be made available on my account?
How do I change my currency to another?
Hi,  I have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. Now i have transfer the difference of the amount. I think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
Any extra charges for exchanging currencies?
A refund is taking too long.
There's a payment in the app that I didn't authorize.
Is it possible to exchange currencies using the app?
I am still waiting for a transaction to be completed
my phone was lost
What is the limits on the number of disposable cards I can have?
In which countries can I get a card?
I need to change my home address.
My card has been charged two separate times for a single transaction.
You will hear back from us about your verification results in 10 minutes to a one hour timeframe.  If these verification results do fail, please double-check to make sure your images are clear and have no glare or blur; your photos need to be fully readable.  You need to be 18 years of age or older and a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to create an account.
How do I go about transferring money into my bank account?
The exchange rate you are using is bad.This can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
Send me a physical card
Why did the disposable virtual card which I used to pay a gym subscription get denied?
Do i need to verify my top up?
I need to change a transfer.
Can the exchange rate change while I am in the process of making a withdrawal?
I tried my PIN too many times
What has to be done to verify my identity?
Can I pay online with my card?
Why did I get a different card then requested?
Hearing back from us regarding your important verification results may take 10 minutes to one hour time.  If verification results do fail, double-check to make sure all of your images are clear --  make sure your photos have no glare or blurring. Note: These photos need to be readable as well.  You also need to be 18 years of age or older.  You must be a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to open a new account.
Some cash withdrawal that I didn't make showed up in the app.
How are exchange rates determined?
Can I get a refund?
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried another time today but same thing happened. What's Broken?
Why have I been charged twice for the same transaction?
I sent some money but the intended recipient says it hasn't arrived
A couple weeks ago there was a debit taken from my account from a transaction I don't recall. Is it possible to trace this transaction to make sure I'm not being scammed?
What do I do if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
Why can't I see my funds after I topped up?
I forgot the code to access the app.
What is the charge for receiving a SEPA transfer?
I transferred money and it didn't get there.
What are the reasons that my mortgage payment won't go through? I'm getting an error and don't know how to correct to get this transfer to go through.
Why am I being charged a fee for transferring money?
What forms of payment do you accept?
I really need some help to understand why my transfer keeps failing. I'm trying to send money to a friend. Please help.
What will I need to configure if my salary is in GBP?
can I use it in any country?
Some of my card payments look different than where I purchased products from. Why is that?
I didn't get the right amount at the ATM.
I'm trying to transfer money into my account.
Where can I deposit cash to top up?
Can you please tell me why I cant get money from the ATM?
Is it free to exchange currency?
If I only have 1 other US card, can you take it?
there is a charge i dont recognize
My phone has been stolen.  How can I make sure no one uses my account from it?
How long can I expect a transfer to pend for?
How do I activate auto top-up when traveling?
I was charged the wrong exchange rate on a purchase
Can anyone help me, I lost my wallet and they've started withdrawing from my account.
Can you get me my card fast?
Why were there additional charges when I transferred funds?
I see a direct debit that isn't mine? How can I get my money back?
Make me understand why I am charged an extra fee when I use the ATM.
The amount of exchange was not correct for the item i bought.
How can I edit my personal details in the app?
My card is lost! What can I do?
I'm in China and really need a new card.
Why did I get charged one pound seemingly randomly?
I made a purchase but the exchange rate is wrong?
I want to talk about an order that I placed a long time ago and have yet to receive. I demand a refund due to lack of delivery of the product!  I refuse to pay for something I never got.
Why was a fee charged to me for transferring money?
Why is there a fee for withdrawing?
I seem to of forgotten my passcode.
I was charged an extra pound for no reason. Why is that?
My top-up seems to be pending for a long time?
It won't let me verify my identity.
How many top-ups can I use?
Why do you keep declining my payment?I tried several times with this card and it is just not working.
Help me access the card I already got so I can information from it.
I think my child used my card while I wasn't home.
How do I get a card if I live in the US?
how can i exchange currencies
There is a cash withdrawal from an ATM listed but I don't remember making this withdrawal.
Why would i not be able to do a transfer to a beneficiary?
I bought something and I take issue with the exchange rate applied.
Can I have a second card issued to another family member?
I just moved overseas and I noticed that you are charging me more fees.  I am a loyal customer, is this how you expect to keep customers?
Do I need to verify my top-up card?
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there, what is happening?
I am inquiring about a $1 charge on my statement.
When will my transfer move from pending to confirmed?
I recently bought an item using my card and I was charged an extra fee why is this?
Given a choice, I'd rather have Mastercard.
Do I qualify for a visa card?
explain the virtual card
If I exchange currencies on a regular basis, is there a discount?
how long are my top ups pending
what are the exchange rates for getting cash
Why doesn't my disposable virtual card work?
Can my password be reset if I do not have it?
I requested $100 but only got $20
For the disposable cards, what are the restrictions?
how do I top up my money automatically
My friends would like to add to my account. What is the procedure?
How do I find my card PIN?
I can't use my card for anything
I am not able to make a purchase because there is an issue with my card
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working on my device?
How do I add my new card?
The app says I got cash from an ATM but I didn't
What are the most current exchange rates?
Do I have to do an identity check?
I've just got married and want to change my name.
Is auto top up a provided service?
Can exchanged be made to EUR?
How can I receive a virtual card?
My card payment failed.
I've just come back from an eating holiday in the USA and Canada and have SO many pending and duplicated transactions on my account.  I think there is something wrong, can you look in to it please?
Am I able to get this shipped to China?
Does Google Pay offer a top up option?
What is the identity verification process?
I wanted to take out $100 but I only got $20.
The rate applied to my foreign currency at an ATM was incorrect.
How come my money hasn't shown up yet?
Why did they take more money out then I withdrawed?
My app says I made a withdrawal, but I didn't.
Can I get both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
Do i have to verify who I am?
The money that I have transferred hasn't arrived yet.
How long do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
Do you have the option for a disposable virtual card?
My transfer did not seem to work.
Did I not get my refund? I don't see it.
I just got a new card, and I want to know how to activate.
My card is not working when I try to use it.
I can't top up my account using my American Express with Apple Pay.
Am I able to use Apple Pay?
It seems my card payment was completed twice. I paid at the store previously and the first one did not seem to go through. After a second attempt, it did go through. I now see within the app that I have been charged twice with one of them pending. Can you please remove the pending amount because it is clearly something that was declined?
Why do you need verification for my identity?
I am interested in cancelling a purchase
I think I am having an issue with withdraws on my card. It was declined on the way to work this morning. This hasn't happened in the past.
I am not satisfied with your company and would like to delete my accounts!
In the exchange and holding, what fiat is allowed?
My friend wants to send me money, can she?
Can my job deposit my wages directly into the account.
I wanted to use my contactless at the metro today but it didn't accept it!
How can I get my card to work?
How old can one use your service?
How do I get my money back for something I bought?
I got mugged yesterday and can't use the app.
Can you tell me why my credit card was declined while trying to top-up?
I topped up but the app denied it
I deposited cash but it isn't showing up in my account
The stupid machine just swallowed my card!! I need a new one ASAP
I prefer Mastecard.
Can I use Apple Pay to top-up?
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
My friend says he hasn't received my transaction
Will I be charged for topping up my account using a bank transfer?
Please tell me which cash machines will allow me to change my pin.
I have not been able to use this card.
Why hasn't the transaction I did to my friend arrived yet?
Help me order a new card that's going to be expired soon.
I'm using the app and I noticed a payment that I didn't make.
I tried to do a transfer but it didn't go through.
I tried to withdraw $100 but only got $20. What happened?
I didn't realize that there were any fees for withdrawing money from my account--this has never happened to me before.  What exactly are the fees?
I'm in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
Do you send more than one card?
My wallet isn't showing my top-up, did I do something wrong?
Where is the virtual card?
How old do I have to be to open an account?
My top-up was cancelled; will I receive a refund?
Where do we mail the card?
I am looking to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
I would like to top up via credit card, which credit cards do you support?
I changed the currency, but why is it costing more?
My card payment had the wrong exchange rate
You advertise no fee when paying with a card then my statement shows a fee.
What are these disposable virtual cards all about?
What documents do you need to verify my identity?
How long does transfer from the US take?
What caused my transfer to fail?
top up did not complete
Where can I receive my card?
I am interested in a Visa or Mastercard. Do you offer them?
Why is my purchase showing as pending?
There is a withdrawal on my account I didn't make.
My purchase from this morning still is pending.
According to the app, I got cash from an ATM but I haven't made any transactions.
Is the PIN delivered separately?
What should I do if my card is missing?
Please help revert my transaction from this morning.
Someone has stolen my card. Even though I have my card with me, someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Please help as soon as possible.
I am reluctant to use ATMs international because I don't get an accurate exchange rate
I need a new PIN.
How much are you going to charge me if I top up my US card?
Could you explain your rules for ATM fees?
Am I able to use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
How do I get my cash withdrawal to show?
I found an unauthorized card payment
I'm trying to purchase crypto via the app. I haven't been able to get it to go through. Am I doing something wrong?
How long before I can see that my cash withdrawal has taken place?
I made a payment but the app reverted the payment.
Can someone assist me with activating my card?
I don't understand what a disposable virtual card is, can you help?
Are cheques accepted to my account? Mine didn't seem to work.
How can I transfer money from an outside bank?
How do I access the option to top up?
I just took some cash out of a cash machine in Heathrow airport because I wanted to buy some new sunglasses for my holiday but you've added a fee to the withdrawal, what is this?
I am calling because the ATM didn't give me the right amount of cash, but my app shows the actual amount I wanted to withdraw. What should I do to get my money back?
Can I exchange USD and GBP from the app?
Can someone assist me with explaining how I can unblock my pin?
Are there any extras for exchanging currency?
How can I check for an unsupported merchant for my transfer request?
I want to get a Visa and Mastercard, is it possible to get both from you?
What is this €1 fee in my statement?
Why did I get charged a fee on my card?
can you tell me what cards and currencies you take?
My account transfer was blocked.
Can you tell me where I can order a disposable virtual card?
Can I choose my card scheme?
Is there tracking info available?
Why am I charged an extra fee on my card?
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one business day while they are processed, and then they'll depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please confirm that you have correctly entered your account details. SEPA transfers typically take up to two working days, while SWIFT transfers can take up to five working days.
Do you accept SWIFT transfers?
How does my identity get verified?
Can I top up with Google Pay?
What number of transactions can i do with one disposable card?
I think a payment I made with a card was cancelled.
How come I was charged extra when I withdrew cash?
How much is the fee for a SEPA transfer?
I can't figure out how to unblock my pin number. Can you help me?
Why is my balance still the same after a cheque deposit?
I want to open an account for my child.
I see cash withdrawal activity in the app that is not mine.
The money is still in my account even though I already paid -- I don't understand what happened.
My money has disappeared. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's gone. What is happening?
I was charged a fee for a transfer. Where did it come from?
I just realized I made the wrong transaction yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow Please.
I have been charged two times for one transaction.
There's a payment with my card that I didn't perform. I don't know that name shown.
Is there a possibility to open an account for my sons and daughters?
what is the matter?
How come there is a duplicate charge on my card?
Why was there an extra charge with the withdrawal of my money?
What do I need to do to get my salary through this?
Is there a list of where I can use my card?
I need help finding the verification code for my top-up card.
Do you have a children account available?
What are the countries you have offices in?
How do I deposit through bank transfer?
What kind of businesses will take my card?
Extra charge during transfer
Can I use my account now, even though my identity verification has not gone through yet?
I received a message from a seller stating they hadn't received my money even though it definitely came out of my account. The money has now been deposited back into my account. Please get this resolved as soon as possible.
How many digits identify the top-up verification code?
Why would my card payment not work?
I think someone saw my PIN and I am on vacation in Spain, can I change it locally at an ATM?
How old do you need to be to open an account?
Do you have info about the card on delivery?
How come there is an extra fee on my statement?
What kind of costs are involved for exchanging currency?
I tried to transfer money and it did not work.
What is the present state of the exchange rate?
If i'm not in the UK, can I still get a card?
I just replaced my phone but how do I use my card information?
Can I receive payment in another currency?
A payment on my statement is wrong.
Where is the nearest Mastercard ATM?
What if I don't verify my identity?
I withdrew some cash and the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
I cannot find my phone, what should I do?
Why has my top up failed?
A payment shows up on the app that I never made.
Is there an age minimum?
When will I recieve my new card?
My card broke.
What if I need my salary in another currency?
I'm trying to use a cheque to top up
How do I add cash to my account?
How do I terminate my account.
Can I use my American Express card with Apple Pay?
My currency rate is inaccurate.
Is there a function where I can top-up automatically?
can i get a card if i live in the US?
Is there a charge for a foreign currency exchange?
It looks like someone besides me ordered something with my card, what should I do?
Balance hasn't been updated following a bank transfer
Can you explain the transfer fee to me?
I was just giving the wrong amount by the ATM. How do I request cash back at this point? The app is showing the amount that I actually requested even though that's not what I got.
If I don't have much money in the account can I auto top-up?
Everything seems fine with my account, so why did it decline my payment?
In reviewing my statement, I show I have two charges for the same purchase at the same time, which I have not made in duplicate? How do I get this solved?
what is the word?
Where did my deposit for my source of funds come from?
I lost my phone.  What do I do to block someone else from using my account?
where do I go to top up with cash?
Why are there fees for using a card?
Do i have to top-up with my credit card before I can transfer?
Where do you get those exchange rates?
Which countries do you support?
I requested a refund but can't see it.
Is there a fee for withdrawing cash?
I went to withdraw some cash earlier today, but seems the ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash! The amount showing up in the app is a lot more
If you to to account, hit activate, and follow the instructions, you can activate it in just a few seconds.
i need to expedite my card
Are there still fees for european top-ups?
I want to top up by card, what do you support?
When will my transfer process?
how do i cancel my account
Send my card as soon as you are able to.
Why is it asking me to verify my identity
Close down my account.  I don't like your service.
How do I order a new card before It expires?
How do I fix a payment that was reverted
I may have a fraud charge on my debit statement.
Is there a charge for exchanging foreign currencies?
My top up did not complete.
My top-up is taking a while to process!
Why is this payment on my app
I noticed that my card was charged more than once for one thing.
Why was the exchange rate wrong when I got cash
I'm confused as to why my transfer is still listed as pending on the website.
My identity can't be verified.
If I need an additional card, is there a fee for that?
im worried about fraud how do you protect my account
Could you please tell me why my purchases from this morning say payment is pending?
How do I get my card PIN?
I visited the ATM but got less money than what I requested. Why?
How much transactions do I get with a disposable card?
What do I do if the machine rejects my card?
My top-up isn't working.
Please cancel my most recent transfer, it was a mistake. This is an emergency. It needs to be canceled before it goes through.
Can I make online purchases with my card?
How do i secure a top-up card?
I need my card as quick as possible
I'm expecting to see a cash withdrawal but I'm still waiting.
I am still waiting for a transfer to show
I believe my top up was reverted.
What is the number of transactions I get with a disposable card?
I tried topping up using my card, but the money is gone?
Can I change my PIN?
This rate is too low. Are you sure your using the right exchange rate.
I need immediate assistance in canceling a transfer which was a mistake. Please help me quickly so this does not go through.
If I order a card when does it arrive?
Where is the money that I asked for? I asked for more than I got!
Do I need to go to an office to change my pin?
We need both a visa and a Mastercard.
How do I claim a refund?
Can someone assist me by explaining why my card is not working?
Why do the top-ups need to be verified?
This stupid system is not letting me prove my identity.
How can I exchange GBP for AUD?
How are the exchange rates determined?
What's with not verifying my Id?
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards per day?
Do I have a say when it's delivered?
top up for my american express card is not working
I was charged extra for a withdrawal
need my details changed
What card types can I choose from?
I want to get Visa and Mastercard
I hope you can help me. My account has been compromised from a different town that I haven't been to. Can you please place a hold on my account until I can make it to the bank?
I received my new card.  Where is it in the app?
I would like to create a disposable virtual card. How do I go about doing that?
Is it possible for a person who lives in the US to get a card?
How does a disposable virtual card work?
How many days do I have to wait for the transfer to reach my account?
phone is gone, dont want others to access account information
How long will the transfer take?
Why can I not get cash from the ATM?
How can I receive verification for the source of my funds?
They charged me wrong for a currency exchange on a purchase.
I have to have several disposable cards per day.
I got my new card but I am not sure if it need s activated and how?
Can I directly deposit my salary to this account?
Where do I change my PIN?
I bought something and returned it and the money from the return isn't in my account.
How do I delete my account? I am dissatisfied with the service.
The app does not know it is me.
Where are you getting your exchange rates from?
I want a refund for my item
I was charged a fee for a card payment. Why?
why top up is not working even if I got my American Express in Apple Bay?
I'm looking for the option to top up by cheque.
I tried to use my card today in the restaurant but it didn't work and just got declined. What's wrong?
How old do you need to be to use the banks services?
I checked my account and see that funds were deducted from a seller I didn't approve of. Can you help me understand?
How can someone send me money?
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card, and the bank is now closed. How do I get back a card swallowed by an ATM?
I tried to make a payment with my card and it was declined. Why is it pending?
How do I get my card active?
How do I top up using my card?
On what do you base your exchange rates?
can I link a card of yours I already have?
Do I need to do anything special for my friend to send money to my account?
Help me verify my identity.
I think my identity has been stolen, can you check on unauthorized charges?
I was overcharged an additional pound.
Can I transfer my paycheck to the account?
I just want to top-up, why do I need to verify anything?
So, I was just charged for my recent ATM withdrawal and any withdrawal prior to this has been free. What is the issue here?
Do I need to speak to a representative to change my pin?
Why did the person I transferred money to not receive the correct amount? What should I do to get them the right amount, do I have to transfer more money to them?
I have checked my statements multiple times, but my refund that I requested a while back is not showing on my account. Is there a reason for this? Can I get some help getting my money back from this transaction?
Hi, In morning, i was trying to withdraw money from my card, but it got declined. So far it was working fine. Could you please check my card.
totally unacceptable.  I'm stranded with no cash because the ATM wouldn't give me any money!
I think something went wrong with my exchange between Russian Ruble and UK pounds. I was overcharged during the swap.
Can I change my PIN at any ATM?
Can I see where my money is being transferred from?
I thought crypto top up with something you offered and it does not appear that it's working even though the money has disappeared out of my account. Can you tell me what's going on?
I need a new login code
Is my new bank card on the way and is there a way to track it?
My card has not arrived yet.
my cash withdrawal has not come out of my account yet.
What is the exchange fee that is charged?
How can I find your exchange rates?
What is the verification process used for?
It doesn't let me verify my identity.
I changed my mind on something I purchased through you and I need the transaction canceled and a refund as soon as possible. Can you help me please?
When will my cheque process?
What should I do if the atm eats my card?
Can I change the amount I made on a payment that I made to the payment is correct.
Do any of your machines provide cash from my home country? I don't have any money on me and I'm on holiday so I'm concerned. Also, will I be charged anything to do this?
I've attempted to do a very standard transfer and have tried 5 times at this point. Can you tell me what the issue is? Is the system down?
Am I charged for receiving money?
I can't seem to get my virtual card to work.
I couldn't make a transfer to a beneficiary!
Why was I charged twice for the same transaction?
I tried to use my card to withdrawal money from the ATM in Notting Hill but it didn't work. This is the first time I've tried using it. Is my card working?
My marital status has change, I got to correct my name to reflect that.
Why has my card been charged an extra pound?
What should I do after I've moved and need to update my personal details?
How do I activate my card that just arrived?
I would like a  physical card sent to me.
I had a payment that I made and it's been some amount of time and would like to know when it's suppose to go though.
My refund is not here yet
What are the reasons to be charged a fee on card payments?
My card payment was cancelled it seems.
How do I deposit my paycheck to this account?
How do I order a virtual card?
When I got cash I was charged an extra fee!  Explain!
stop the transaction
What is this fee showing up in my account for?
I topped up last night but don't have any funds, why not?
I see a direct debit transaction in the app that is not mine
Do you have EUR currency available for me?
The top-up I ordered didn't process.
Why is there a fee for cash withdrawal?
I entered in the wrong PIN.  Please help me unlock my account.
Card payment still pending.
How can I change to my married name?
how do i get a virtual card for one time use
What is the reason that my top-up is still pending?
when should I receive my refund
is apple pay eligible for top up
Let me know when you charge extra for payments please. I just checked the app earlier when I saw that there was an additional fee on one of the payments that I wasn't warned about before.
Hello I have a UK account.  Can you please check if everything is alright with it?  I made a transfer a couple hours ago but it doesn't show up yet.
I bought something on line a and the seller hasn't received the money I sent could you please tell me how long an EU transfer takes?
Do cash withdrawals cost anything?
Would it be possible to activate my card?
i need to add express delivery if that's an option
What is the process of obtaining a disposable virtual card
Under what condition will my payment revert?
I am not comfortable verifying my indentity.
My transaction needs to be canceled.
After taking over my card transactions I noticed that was charged twice for a restaurant purchased from earlier this week. Can you please remove one of these transactions from my account since it is not accurate?
Do I need to choose GBP to get my salary deposited properly?
What major card payments are accepted?
I tried to withdraw $100, all it gave me was $20.
What options do I have for holding currencies?
I would like to get a physical card, but I don't know how. Can you help me?
Is there any reason my cash withdrawal still shows as pending?
How can I transfer money to a beneficiary?
While I was drunk, I goofed my PIN number and your machine ate my card. How can I get it back?
How do I go forth with bank transfers for top up accounts?
May I transfer a cheque into my account?
I have to verify the source of my funds
After I transferred money the balance remained the same.
A duplicated payment was made for something.
My transfer appeared not to work.
I do not recognise the card payment.
i want to close an account but im not sure about setting up a new one in the future, what do you recommend
How do my friends top up my account
I go the wrong exchange rate applied to my purchase in a foreign country.
I exchange currencies a lot.  Can I get a discount?
If I order a new card, how much will it be and how long will it take me to get it?
Why did I only receive this much currency?
I lost my card n need a new one.
How long do I have to wait until the transferred money shows up?
I don't appreciate the extra fees being siphoned from my account. I was helping some friends move to Japan and we were buying home decorations at the local stores. The  receipts differed greatly from what showed up in my bank account and my statement. When can I expect the extra fees to be back in my account?
Since when do you charge to make a withdrawal? I've always done it for free. So how much is it now?
I need to order a new virtual card, how do I do that?
How do I reactivate a card I thought I lost?
Why are you asking so many questions about me?
I need a refund on a direct debit that shows in the app because I did not make it.
Why is my cash withdrawal still pending?
My phone got stolen, how can I use the app?
I need help reapplying my top-up. It seems it isn't working.
What do I do to verify a top-up?
Something is wrong with the top up! I'm a regular customer and use your service all the time, usually this works but now it just shows up as pending
I tried using a check to update my balance, but it isn't work? Is something wrong?
Google play top up help?
I made a transfer for my rent payment about 2 days ago, but my landlord hasn't received it yet. It shows as done on my  side, and I've double check all account numbers and they are correct. Can you verify that the transaction was actually made?
I can't get the ATM to give me any cash
Do you charge a fee for topping up a card?
Are you okay with exchanges to EUR?
how come my transfer didn't work
I made a transaction this morning but I need to revert it now.
I can't remember my password.
How long do I wait for my PIN
I withdrew money and got a fee, please explain
Unknown direct deposit
How do I get a disposable virtual card as well?
A strange card payment, I do not recognize it.
I want to auto top-up.
I can't recall my password.
I have been charged a fee, I didn't know about this fee before! When do you charge extra for card payments?
what is going on, i have entered my passcode and its not working
I tried to top off using the card, but the money just disappeared?
I need a disposable virtual card. Please tell me how to order one.
I have a disposable virtual card. Is there a limit to how many times I can use it?
I asked for $40 and I only received $20, what happened?
How often do your exchange rates change
How come my card doesn't work anymore?
I sent a cheque to you a few days ago and the deposit has yet to appear in my account. I need this money, what is the problem?
I'd like to provide my daughter with a card - could I get an additional card from my account to give her?
Google Pay won't let me top up.
There is some odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's that about? Pretty sure I haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
I'm still waiting for my transaction.
How do I delete an account?
Is there a way to transfer funds directly from my card?
What's wrong with my card? The clerk at the grocery store said it was declined.
I do not have my pin
Is it possible to cancel my transfer?
What happened to my Top-Up? It's not reflected.
There's a refund missing from my statement
I'm stuck here at your broken ATM and I don't know what to do next. Asked for 30 pounds, got 10. ATM said I got 30. Something very wrong here and I want my money now!
I can't get my actual card to work
Am I able to use my American Express to add money to my account balance?
why does the app show a direct debit payment that I did not authorize
When will my top up be approved?
Explain the payment that was declined!
Is there an extra charge to exchange different currencies?
How do I find the code needed in order to verify my top-up card?
what is the exchange rate when i get cash
help me obtain a virtual card
Please tell me how I can get a virtual card.
What currencies can be used for top up?
app does not recognize me
Although I am not located in the UK area, may i still receive a card?
Is the PIN separately delivered?
I messed up and made a transaction using the wrong account.
How do I cancel my card? There are charges on my account that I didn't make.
Can I send a cheque to do my top ups?
Are there certain cards and currencies you support?
Where can I find a virtual card?
I would like to reactivate my card.
I tried to used my card in a shop and the transaction was declined.
How do I link a new card?
Does the app top up automatically?
I want to reverse a purchase. Can I cancel it?
can I choose a date for delivery?
What is the longest a US transfer should take to appear in my account?
Where can I find the auto-top up feature?
What businesses accept my card?
Can I make transfers before my identity verification?
Can you tell me where  can change my PIN?
I am still waiting for the cash to be returned from a cheque I deposited!
I am still waiting for verification.  Can I use my account before I am verified?
I need to find out why my transfer didn't get there.
There are a couple payments with my card shown that I'm not responsible for. What is going on? Maybe someone has access to my account.
What steps do I need to take to change my card PIN?
Are there any restrictions on the disposable cards?
Please, I need your help as to whether or not you have money for a large refunded purchase I made. I requested it some time ago from the seller, but nothing is showing up.
I just topped up, and the app denied it.
How do I view the card I received in the app?
Hey, I'm buying a flat and I need my mortgage to go though. However, every time I check I get an error message. Is there any way you can help me with this transfer.
My card is showing the same transaction over and over again.
What is the top-ups limit?
how do I get a disposable virtual card?
This is the first time I've tried to get my money out of an ATM and it didn't work. Please give me my money
Is there a limit to my top-up?
I need to transfer funds from my other bank account into this bank account.
Looks like my card payment was duplicated. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Can I put my found card back into the app on my phone?
It says "pending payment?" Why is it saying this?
If I don't live in the UK, can I still get a card?
I can't find my phone and I'm worried someone is going to use it
Why did my payment fail?
Is there a way for me to check my balance?
I tried to withdraw some money from an ATM this morning but wasn't able to get the amount of cash I needed. The amount in the app says what I was trying to withdraw was deducted, but I don't have any money. What do I do about this?
What do I do about a debit on my account that I didn't make?
How do I use a card to top up?
Good morning. I tried to make a purchase with my credit card last night and again this morning. Both times it was declined. Can you investigate?
What is the wait time until money reaches my account?
Is there a reason that the ATM declined my transaction?
Your exchange rates are coming from where?
Can i cancel this purchase?
My contactless is not working
Can I change my card PIN?
I've made a card payment a couple of days ago now but it looks like the money is stuck. How long does it typically take for the payment to go through?
What do I need to do to get cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I requested but the app is showing the amount to be correct.
The top-up verification code is missing
My top-up is still pending
If I receive foreign currencies, am I able to exchange them on the app?
Ordered awhile back, what is the ETA in the US?
When will the cash that I put in the ATM be cleared from pending status?
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, turns out the payment kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
My top up hasn't worked, it's been stuck in pending for the last couple hours
What are the benefits of a disposable card?
If I need to do a quick transfer from China, how long should I expect the transfer to take?
How old do you have to be to get an account?
I have used my account abroad for a while without any fees, why am I being charged additional fees all of a sudden?
When I got cash, I'm pretty sure there was a glitch that overcharged me.
It seems I've suddenly been charged for my recent ATM cash withdrawal. What's up with that? I though withdrawals are free, you never charged me so far!
Why did my card payment not work?
When are you going to activate my card?
Why does it still charge me even though I was unable to withdraw money from the ATM?
Why did you decline my transfer?
I want information about the source of funds.
Help!  There is a cash withdrawl on the account that I didn't make!
How long will a transfer be pending for?
My card is very close to expiring. When can I order a new one and how do I do so?
I am not able to do a transfer to an account
Why can't the recepient of my money transaction see it?
Why does my account not accept cash deposits?
Why did the app deny my top up?
Why have I not received my PIN
I see random purchases to my account, was it hacked?
I was declined when I tried to withdraw cash!
My card is about to expire.  How do I get a new card?
I was double charged at a restaurant can you take the second charge off?
Can you please assist on my item that needs to be refunded?
Someone is making transactions on my account, I think they took my card information.
How to receive virtual card?
Should I keep waiting for my card to be delivered?
A wrong exchange rate was applied to a transaction made abroad.
I would like to return my purchases
Can I stop a transaction?
There is a direct debit charge that I don't recognize, what can I do?
do i need to add money before i order a card
What is the expected delivery date for my card?
I got a fee when paying with my card
I tried to withdraw money but I was declined!
I can't remember what my password is
There's a payment in my history I don't recognize
I found a charge for a direct debit that was not made by me.
How long until the money is in my account?
I cannot use my card.
I would like to make sure it is delivered on a certain date.
is there a way to do top up with apple pay
When do you charge fees on accounts? I just saw a charge on my statement.
How do I get my card to work?
Can my teenager have an account?
When can I expect my refund?
Why was I charged an extra fee when using a card?
Instructions for activating card
I need money put into this account from another one.
Do the disposable cards have restrictions?
What are the restrictions on auto top-up?
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
Where is my PIN located?
When should I expect to receive my card?
I have been trying to exchange this for crypto but the app won't work could you please help me?
There appears to have been a reversion in my top up
My refund is missing from my statement.
What's taking my top-up so long?
How much does it cost to top up a US-issued card?
Oh no!  I lost my card!  Help!
Can I get a card despite the fact I'm not in the UK?
Is there a limit on making disposable cards?
Why are my transfers getting declined?  I havent had a problem in the past.
I don't think I should have been charged a fee to use my card.
Show me how to verify my identity?
What is the process for unlocking the pin?
Where are the ATMs that accept this card?
Can I quickly send a transfer from China?  How long will it take?
Why am I not allowed to verify my id?
I was mugged.  They took everything.  I can't use the app.  What do I do?
How long does it take transfers from Europe to complete?
Why am I not seeing the check I deposited this morning in my account?
I am getting charged fees on some payments.  Please help me understand, where are these fees disclosed?
Why is the top-up I made still pending.
Where is the top-up card verification code?
I accidentally exceeded my PIN tries.  Please advise.
Can I space out how often money is transferred along my travels?
How do I fix a broken card?
to cash withdrawals charge me?
Should I order a new card before I freeze my original one?
Can my children open an account?
Can you tell me more info about virtual disposable cards?
Why did my top up not work?
Why can I not transfer money into my account?
My cards were stolen
I was charged multiple times at the same location at the same time
Hello. I'm on holiday and didn't bring any cash with me. I need to withdrawal my home currency from one of your machines. Do you have any that will do this and is there a charge?
My payment was stopped
I just received my card and I'd like to activate it.
Can i have a card to my daughter?
Where's the money from my transfer from Europe?
Is topping up unlimited?
I would like to get both a Visa and MasterCard?
Where can I find Mastercard ATMs?
Can you help me retrieve my card?
I was wondering how long does it take for a payment to go thru? It seems my last payment is stuck and hasn't moved.
My statement shows charges for things I never purchased. Were my account details stolen?
I completed an in country transfer a few days ago and was sure to check the account information several times since the transaction was completed, but the funds are still not available. What is the problem?
I used an ATM in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
What currencies is an exchange rate calculated in?
I am afraid to give you all my identify details.
I have a fee listed for a transfer.
Help, my phone was stolen, please advise!
The refund isn't appearing in my account
Will you be adding more currencies in the future?
what are weekend rates for getting cash
How do I freeze my account?
I'm in Spain and my stuff has been stolen. My card was with it and I need a new one shipped and the old one frozen.
Is there a fee to add money to an international card?
How can I find out why my transfer didn't go through?
I made a bank transfer but it doesn't seem to have gone through?
Do you have any limit on the auto top-up?
Why was my card declined in a shop?
At what cash machines can I change my PIN?
Can you send me a Mastercard, instead of a Visa?
Am I charged more for using the ATM?
How much can I top up on my card?
The refund doesn't show in my account
Can I have more physical cards?
Why are my transfers being declined? It normally works but now it's declining my card. I've tried it a few times but it's still not working.
Tell me why my virtual disposable card won't work.
An item I bought had the wrong exchange rate applied.
i needed money for a night out with the girls but i was declined, why?
I bought something and already paid for it but now I don't see it.
My card has gone missing.
Is topping up with cash allowed?
What fees are there for adding money using an international card
I need to figure out who has access to my card there are some payments I didn't make that are showing on the app.  Could you please help?
What countries do your services support?
What is the best way to exchange currency?
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
Yesterday my phone was stolen from me :( What do i need to do about it?
I'm suddenly getting an error while attempting a transfer that it isn't possible. Why? I've done it before.
Hi, I am currently in the process of buying a flat and I am waiting for the mortgage to go through but it keeps showing up as an error.  Do you know what could be causing this and can you help me get the money over.
What do I do if I detect fraudulent use on my car?
Tell me what ATMs use this card.
Payment I did not make.
I attempted to deposit a cheque yesterday but the balance isn't showing today. Is it still pending?
How do I locate my PIN now that I have my card?
Why is my virtual card is being declined?
how can i top up?
What is delivery speed to the United States?
How many disposable cards can you own?
How long will my transfer be pending for?
Where is my recent refund in the my statement?
Are there ways to transfer money into my account?
Why is it important to verify my identity?
I made a transfer and the receiver said they haven't actually received the right amount, but it's a bit less. Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing bit. Can you please alert me about this, what has been going on?
Why hasn't my refund appeared on my statement?
Why do I have a charge for an ATM withdrawal? I thought these were free?
Will you tell me how I am supposed to use the disposable cards?
Why do I have a transaction showing up more than once?
What are Interbanks current exchange rates?
the exchange rate for my withdrawal is wrong
Can I use this card at an ATM?
What kind of foreign exchange rate will I get when I exchange my money?
If I have a credit card with you how I get set up to link to it?
Can I get my paycheck through here?
Is my new card activated?
I made the incorrect payment for my rent yesterday and this needs to be fixed by no later than tomorrow. How can you help?
How fast can I transfer something from China?
Can I allow other people to top up my account?
Is there a top-up limit?
I transferred money to a receiver within the EU and they received a lesser amount than expected.  Now I will have to send additional money to the receiver in order to make up the difference.  I'm not sure what went wrong, can you please advise?
please tell me why my top-up failed.
How can i get multiple disposble cards.
Why was I charged extra for transferring money?
I made a cash withdrawl and there is a charge.  What is this?
I want to know where my money comes from.
What are the steps I need to take to cancel a transaction?
How are the exchange rates for transfers calculated?
I have received my American express in apple play, looks like top up has an issue, please help?
My cash withdrawl has the wrong rate of exchange.
How do I protect my phone from someone using it after I lost it.
When will my transfer come through?
I want to transfer money to a beneficiery. Why can't I?
where exactly does money come from
Is there extra fees for making a withdraw in a different country at a cash machine.
Hi, I'm buying a flat and I'm trying to get my mortgage to go though. Every time I check I simply get an error message. Is there any way you can help me get this money transferred over. Thanks!
where do I request a disposable virtual card?
I need to terminate my account immediately.
Someone stole my wallet earlier today, not sure exactly when, probably on Piccadilly circus. Can you check if there were any attempts to use the card and obviously block it?
Why is there a charged fee for debit or credit card payment?
Help me verify the card used on a top-up.
I can't find my card, it is lost.
I need my PIN, where is it?
Is there a specific date it can be delivered by?
Can I link my new card?
I've just been married and need to update my name
I made a payment with my card and it hasn't changed. How long do you think this will take?
I am still waiting for my card after 1 week.  Is this ok?
Can i make transactions before identity verification is complete?
I made a cash withdraw and it shows up as pending why is that?
Where can I get my card PIN?
I have a US credit card, will you accept it?
The application reverted my top-up.
How do I top up?
I desperately need to transfer something from China, Please give me the wait time.
Why was I denied the option to transfer money to a selected beneficiary?
I just realized I made the wrong transaction  yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow.
Will I need to order a new card since mine expires next month?
Hey I double checked that I have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. It's not that difficult to transfer money to another country in 2018 is it?
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple of days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet.
I'd like to discuss an order I placed quite a long time ago. I have yet to receive it and am growing upset.  I want a refund as I now refuse to pay for the product.
Can you unblock my pin because I put the wrong one too many times.
Visa and Mastercard can both be received from you?
Why am I being charged twice fro a restaurant?
Why hasn't my cash arrived from a deposited check?
Where can I go to find out how to verify my identity?
Is it possible to get a second card for my daughter?
My ATM transaction was cancelled.
I was at the store earlier and my virtual card didn't work. What's the solution for this problem?
How can I activate my new card?
When will my transfer go through?
I have a charge for something I didn't buy.
From which age can my kids use your service?
I'm interested in what your exchange rates are based on.
My actual card isn't working.
I need multiple cards per day, and they all have to be disposable.
Card activation is not working. What do i do?
I would like a disposable virtual card, could I get one?
Hello. I'm trying to transfer some money to a friend but it keeps getting rejected. can you help me?
Is it normal to get charged extra when i use my card?
I do not recognize the card payment.
Can I cancel a transfer I made
Is there any way i get a disposable virtual card as well?
What is my foreign exchange rate?
How do I freeze my card? I think someone is using it to make a bunch of online transactions.
I have withdrawn cash from the ATM but it is showing in my account as a pending transation. Why is this?
Where should I withdraw money from?
Why is my balance the same after a transfer?
I deposited money but my balance hasn't been updated yet.
I got a transfer fail message, but no explanation of why-- what happened?
I received my new card and tried using it today, just to have it show declined over and over again.  Why is this happening?
Do you support direct deposits from my employer?
how do i get a virtual card?
I transferred a payment a couple days ago and it shows done, but it has not been received.  Could you please help me?
I need to have an item refunded.
I can still see money in my account after making a payment
I found my card that I thought I had lost, I need to reactive it, please help.
Will it automatically top-up or do I need to do that manually if there isn't much cash left?
Is it possible to open an account for my children?
I was charged more when I transferred!
Does the PIN come under separate cover?
Why has my beneficiary been denied?
I blocked my card by mistake, how do I unblock it?
Can i get money back in my home currency at  ATM? As I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
The exchange rate is incorrect on an item I recently purchased in a foreign country.
I need a Visa card
Do I need to order a new card before it expires?
Will I get charged for topping up with an international card?
Delete my account now please.
The ATM machines keep declining my card and I don't know why. I thought I had money in my account. Why is this happening?
I need some help, I thought you guys accepted crypto top ups?? It won't seem to let me do it. I put money in my account and now it's gone and I didn't spend it. Where did it go??
I was made to pay an additional pound!
I want one of those virtual cards!
Please tell me how the exchange rate is determined. I was expecting more money for the transaction.
How much will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency
What's the web address to unblock my pin?
Do you charge for making a withdrawal? I took some money out of my account earlier and I was charged for this.
I don't recall making that payment?
how can i add money from my amex card
How long will it take to urgently transfer something to China?
What do you need so I can verify my identity?
What information do you need to verify my Source of Funds?
How do I modify my details?
Can I top up my account with Google Pay?
I was denied cash at an ATM
I'd like my account to be deleted. I'm not satisfied with the service you provide.
Why did my money disappear when I topped up??
Using Google Pay, can I top up?
I need to change my pin but I am on the road.
how much to get my card in 2 days?
I found my card again. Can I put it back into the app?
I have used all of my PIN tries. What should I do now?
When considering currency holdings and exchanges, what fiat currencies are supported?
What are eligible holding and exchange currencies?
What kind of currencies can I use to add money?
Can i add a new currency to my account?
There is a withdrawal in my account I didn't make.
There is a charge for 1£ on my statement.  I do not think that I bought anything that costed 1£.  What is going on?
Is there a way to undo a transaction?
Is there a fee for topping off by transfer?
Will there be a charge for sending out more cards?
Can you tell me why my card keeps getting declined every time I try to use it?
What are my limits on disposable cards?
Why would I need a disposable card?
Can you tell me if I can hold money in several currencies?
Remove my account immediately.
How do I unblock my PIN?
I would like to cancel a purchase.
Can I use my bank account to send me more money?
I have no idea why my card payment did not work.
How many times can I auto top-up?
I had a decline on my card. Why?
I might be paranoid, but someone may be using my card.
How quickly can I transfer something to China?
I have a top-up that's still pending and wanted to know about it.
While abroad, I got cash, and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
What countries will my card be supported in?
Need a new card, mine is expiring.
what does pending mean?
Can i get a throw away card
When I attempted to make a transfer, it failed.
Is there a problem with the payment that I see is still pending?
Why is the payment on my card still pending?
Help!  The app has an ATM withdrawl that I didn't make.
How do I active this card?
I am from the EU, can I sign up?
Where is a ATM that accepts Mastercard?
Can I use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
My salary is in GBP; how can I note this in the app?
Is there a transfer fee?
I sees some suspicious spending on my credit card that I don't recall I had made. What should I do?
im not sure what this charge is for
I made a payment that's pending. Will it go through?
How does it work when I transfer money into my account?
Why did I get charged twice for the same thing
Can you activate my card pls
There is a payment that has not processed.
I want to give a second card for this account to my daughter, would this be possible?
There is payment showing that I didn't do.
Can I transfer money using a different currency?
I was removing a dollar amount from my account and now don't have access to my card.
How long will a transfer from Europe take?
Why is my identity not being verified?
Please tell me why the same transaction is showing up on my account more than once.
After looking at the app I noticed a couple of payments I know I did not make. Is it possible someone has accessed my card? What is actually going on?
After a transfer, I see an extra fee.  Why?
Which countries do you operate in
I need to delete my account, please.
I would prefer a Mastercard.
I havn't received my PIN yet.
Why is it showing that my account has been charged a dollar that is showing as pending?
Please help me as i am continuously facing the issue in transferring money to my friends, as all my transactions are getting failed.
I want to take some funds from my other bank account and add them to this one.
can I be charged for topping up by card
What do I do now that I can't use this card?
Is there an additional cost to exchange currencies?
I need a transfer cancelled.
Why has my top-up failed?
I've made more than one attempt to make a purchase and the card keeps getting declined. Why do you keep denying my transfers?
Will I be charged a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
Tell me the currencies that you support.
Why hasn't my son received the transfer I sent to him earlier?
I transferred money but the balance did not update.
There are two of the same charge on my statement.
Can you make sure I get a MasterCard and not a Visa?
I guess exchange rate for my payment was not correct, as i charged extra on the last saturday.
Why hasn't my top-up gone through?
When will my new card arrive?
I live in the US and I would like to get a card. How do I go about getting one?
Please help me as my online payment is getting declined since yesterday while i am trying to purchase something online.
There is unexpected money in my account.
How is my money transferred to the account
Hey, I have my card, how do I get it to show in the app?
What is your exchange rate between UK pounds and Russian rubles for my last transaction
I forgot what my pin number is and now am blocked can you help me get in?
What identification is required to activate my card?
My card payment still pending
Can you please identify the problem with my bank card?
What do you need for my identity check?
Several items I have charged this week are appearing twice.  Please review my statement and remove any duplicate charges.
Why was I charged a higher exchange rate when I bought something abroad?
What do I do if the ATM took my card?
Why is my check still not showing up on my account? It's been a week already
Help me reset the passcode.
My credit card did not go through. Can you see if it has insufficient funds?
When will a transfer from the US post?
Why would I have a pending payment?
Why am I being charged for transferring money?
Can I get the Mastercard?
Do you send duplicate cards?
My card hasn't came in the mail yet?
Is there a charge for SEPA transfers?
Why isn't a recent refund on my statement?
I haven't seen the cash yet from the cheque I deposited.
Are there a certain amount of transactions i can do with one disposable card?
My card's expiring, what happens now?
Why is my top-up still outstanding?
Can you help me activate my card
Can I use app to unblock my card?
If I add money with an international card, are there any fees?
Even though it's late, I wanted to see about disputing a charge. I was just looking through my transactions over the past couple of months and noticed a pretty large amount that was not completed by me. Is this possibly something I can still do.
I am extremely unhappy with this app and want to get rid of my account?
I no longer have my phone, what should I do?
I got charged a fee for transferring money.
Why are you asking so many questions about who I am
I want to top-up using cash
Do you take checks?
There is a strange charge on my debit statement
what is a virtual and how do i get one
I haven't used my card all day but there is a payment showing in the app. Please cancel it!
What can I use a virtual disposable card for?
Can I cancel an order if I haven't received the item yet? And how can I get my money back? Please help. Thanks.
My bag was stolen from me yesterday, so I can't use any apps or anything. I need some help.
Hi, I have withdrawn cash from the ATM on holiday and i guess withdrawal amount has been overcharged. I did it as i was not aware of these charges.
I need to get some more physical cards.
Can you please explain why my beneficiary is not allowed?
Someone else accessed my account and made a payment.
There was a charge made on my card from a couple weeks ago and I don't remember making the purchase. Nor do I remember the company itself. Can we trace this at all to confirm if I did it or not?
Is the EUR accepted for exchanges?
Where is the money I put in the bank?
Is it possible to change from USD to GBP with your App?
My app says that I'm not verified.
I would like to change the the PIN on my card.
Why was my ATM transaction cancelled?
I have not received the completed transaction.
My beneficiary has been denied, is this normal?
I have a fee and I don't know why
My card was rejected
How can I put more money into my account?
Do I need to verify my identity?
My card payment has the wrong exchange rate
Explain the extra fee on my card when paying.
Explain why I can't do a transfer to a beneficiary.
Is there a limit to using a disposable virtual card?
I need to update my info.
What countries do you operate in?
Why is a transfer to a beneficiary not possible?
I would like to activate my card what do I need to do?
What would the age limit be?
Where do I go to change my account details?
My mother deposited a cheque into my account last week, why is it still not showing up?
I see cash in my app but I did not get it.
I just saw a charge for a cash withdrawal that I made! ATM withdrawals have always been free in the past, so why is there suddenly a charge? What is it going to cost me now?
Status of the card I ordered.
Why am I unable to withdraw money even though in the past I've done it just fine?
How long will it take for my top up to work? It's still pending
Why couldn't I do a transfer to a beneficiary?
If I want a physical card, do I have to pay anything?
Are physical card available?
It seems like I have been waiting forever for this international transfer. Why is it taking so long? C'mon, it's 2018, things happen at a click of a button. All of the account information is correct, so how long will this take?
Are there any specific ATMs that this card can be used at?
Is there a way to verify a card top-up?
I didn't know there was a charge for tranferring. What is the charge?
places i can use the card
how do i track the moeney
I have a service fee that I've never seen before. It showed up after I bought something from an international seller online.
How do I accept exchanges to EU?
Why did I only get $20 when I asked for $100?
What types of currencies do you accept?
I would like to get both Mastercard and Visa card from you if that's possible.
What are the steps of verifying an identity?
When are cards shipped?
When can I expect a transfer from Europe to go through?
I have been charged twice this week for a couple of things on my card. Can you please check this out for me and return the double charged items back?
I didn't enjoy my tutor session and want a refund back. How do I go about doing this?
Why haven't I gotten a virtual card yet?
How can I top-up my card?
Where can I get a card in the EU?
Why couldn't I transfer to a beneficiairy?
I think that there was an error in calculating the exchange rate.  I recently withdrew cash and received much less than expected.
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
How can I receive my salary with a different currency?
Please explain to me the process of getting a virtual card.
Where is my top-up generated from?
I noticed an extra pound charge?
I can't see my top up in my wallet!
I deposited cash into my account and I'm having trouble seeing it on my account.
Is it possible to verify a top up?
How do I to up by card?
I used my card to make a payment a while ago and its still pending, Why is it taking so long?
i am express delivering my card to the us, how long will that take
What is the current exchange rate?
I enetered the wrong information, I need my account unblocked How do I do that?
How long will my top-up stay pending?
Hi, I am disappointed to see such a bad exchange rate and hope you can assist me. Would you be able to confirm the official interbank exchange rate for me?
Was my top up reversed?
Hey there, I just went through my most recent credit card payments and I notice the same charge for a restaurant was processed twice. There was only one meal at this place, so I would like one of the charges to be reversed and my money to be put back in the account.
my phone was taken yesterday, what should I do about my account?
I don't know what a pending payment is.
What do you need for the identity verification
The ATM didnt let me get cash
do i have to setup apple pay to use it
I need a disposable virtual card.
is my card PIN saved in the app
How do I replace a card that's going to expire?
Are there any discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
Does Google Play have an app to Top up?
I'd rather not use my physical card, how can I get a virtual card?
My card still hasn't arrived after two weeks, now what?
When can I expect my card to be delivered to the US?
My money transaction hasn't arrived.
If I get a transfer from Europe, how long until it is in my account?
Hello, I am facing the issue with my new card as payments are declining again and again. Please help me in this issue.
I cannot find my PIN.
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but wasn't able to. Is my card working okay? It's the first time I tried using it.
Help! I need to transfer something to China.
Is it possible for me to top up with Google Pay?
I could not transfer funds to a beneficiary; is there a problem with your software?
Can I top-up any amount?
I signed up, but don't have a PIN. Where can I find it?
I need a number of disposable cards everyday.
A transfer has to be cancelled.
Are there any express fees if i want my new card faster?
I am unable to use my top-up on the app. Could you explain this to me?
I draw out money from your ATM during holidays, and was charged insanely. I wouldn't have done it, if i had a little sense about the shocking charges.
Why wouldn't the contactless payment work when I tried to pay at the bus today?
Where can I order a card?
my cash out is still pending
Why was I charged an additional $1?
I don't have my mobile device and am unable to make the payment because I forgot my details.
is there something blocking me from making transfers
Since my card is about to expire, what do I do to get a new one?
Why would my top up be cancelled?
My wallet was just stolen and I see my account already has a withdrawal. Can you please help me.
Why is the app showing a still pending message on a withdraw that has already been done?
What is the process when my card is due to expire?
Why is my beneficiary being denies?
I got some cash of an ATM earlier but this shows up as pending in the app. How can this be still pending, I've got the cash already?
my atm transaction was wrong
I need a hand here, I need to top up cash.
I transferred some money but I think it has gotten lost somewhere.
I can't recognise this Direct Debit payment.
I made a purchase a few weeks ago but wasn't happy with it so recently requested a refund from the supplier.  Can you check where the money is?
what is this extra charge with my purchase?
I going to be traveling, can I set up auto top-up if I run low on money?
My card payment reverted back, I think.
I made a payment that got charged twice instead of once.
The atm didn'y give me all the cash
Problems with top up
how to i go about getting my virtual card
I have been charged an extra fee when buying from your store. Why is this?
Can you unblock my account?  I entered the PIN wrong.
Why can't I top up with a cheque?
i need to know about exchange rates
Why hasnt my top up gone through yet?? I thought it was suppose to be instant? Am I wrong? Why is it still pending?
Please can you block the transaction I just sent from my account? It was a payment but I accidently typed in the wrong details and think it might have gone to the wrong place.
Should my cash withdrawal still be pending?
what is the top up limit
Help me.  My card doesn't work.
There is a direct debit charge on my account that is not mine.
I would like to order a virtual card, where can I get one?
Please help!  The app won't let me cancel a money transfer.  I accidently sent money to an account that wasn't mine.  I need this cancelled immediately.
Can you tell me what the transfer policy is?
Is there a reason my refund isn't showing on my statement?
Am I able to get a second card?
WHAT IS THE REASON FOR THAT
I have lost my phone.
I am in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
I haven't received my PIN yet. Do I need to get it from you?
Why does my transfer say "pending"?
The ATM won't give back my card
My card info was stolen, what do I do?
Why is the exchange rate so high? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
There is an odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's the reason for that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound.
Why can I not choose the card i want?
What countries are you supporting?
The wrong amount of cash came out of the ATM today when I went to withdraw. When I looked at the app, it was showing it was much more.
Someone else may be using my card.  There are transactions I don't recognize.
I believe I left my smartphone at the hotel I was staying at.
Delete all of my account information and my account right now.
How do the foreign exchange rates work?
The exchange rate from my card payment isn't right.
I was at the ATM trying to made a withdraw and I was declined.
Is there any nearby ATM's?
i cannot find my card PIN
I am not able to use the app since I forgot my phone at the hotel I was staying at.
Cash I didn't get shows in my app.
I was charged the wing amount for an item.
I withdraw money abroad but I didn't get the right amount.
Using your app, would I be able to exchange between USD and GBP?
How long does it take for a new card to ship?
I need to transfer money into my account, how do I go about doing this?
How do I get another card
Where is my refund? it appears to be missing.
I noticed a charge for a transfer.  Why is this?  Is it because I did an international transfer?
When will the transfer go through?
I can't find the money I just added to my account.
What is the source of my available funds?
I reside in the US, but I want a card.
May I choose when it's delivered?
Why have I been charged a fee for cash withdrawal?
How many transactions can be made with a disposable card?
What is the fee for accepting money from a foreign country?
Hello, I went ahead and checked my account details to be sure, and they are definitely correct.  I've had a transfer pending for a while, and I can't understand why it hasn't gone through yet.
Where is the nearest bank machine?
what is the age limit for opening a new account
I have exceeded all my PIN tries
Why does my transfer keep failing? I've tried 5 times and they all failed.
Would I be able to get another card for my account, so I could give one to my daughter?
I was using a foreign currecy to make a payment and the applied the wrong rate.
I am very dissatisfied with the services that you are providing.  I want to cancel my account.
My card payment has been declined, why?
Please explain why my transfer attempt was declined. Thank you.
What age can sign up for services?
I want a refund
Can I use a check to top up?
What am I supposed to do if the funds haven't show up from a transfer completed this morning?
Where are my funds being sourced from?
Payment i did not do
How long does it take for transfers to finish?  I sent funds to my pal, and she says that she has not gotten anything.
I was unable to transfer money to a beneficiary.
Why won't my top up go through?
I deposited a cheque and its been days and I still haven't received the cash!!
Are there cash machines where I can change my PIN?
Says that my top-up is incomplete?
Do you need to know my first and last name?
Help!  What should I do?  My phone was stolen yesterday.
How do I interconvert between AUD and GBP?
I bought something abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
Can I change my information?
Do you allow currency exchanges?
Why do I have a transaction showing multiple times?
How come you charge for cash withdrawals? I withdrew cash after buying groceries today, and there seems to be a new fee
What are the steps for the identity checks?
lost card found, want to put it back in app
I have tried sending a standard transfer five times and it hasn't gone through. What is the problem?
I am being charged a transfer fee aren't they free?
Can I hold money in other currencies?
What is an exchange rate?
Top up did not work on the app.
There is an extra charge on my account I didn't authorise, it's just £1, what is it?
Are there any hindrances to using a disposable virtual card?
What is the estimated time on an urgent transfer from China?
I am waiting for my card to arrive.
How can I change my name because I just got married?
I made a payment that seems to be stuck. It's been a couple of days already. Can you tell me how long it will take?
The app denied my top-up
I was charged an extra fee for a card payment. I was unaware of these fees beforehand.
My card is almost going to expire.
Reason for my card to decline
I just got an email in confirming my purchase with my card. I login to the mobile app on the card and found out there are several purchase were made without me aware of it. Evidently someone had stole my card information and made these fraudulent purchase. I need the transaction to be reverse and have my card suspended.
Must I verify my identity?
Why is there a 1 euro fee on my statement?
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer now. There isn't an option from the app.
I submitted a transaction but it was for the incorrect account.
If my card payment isn't working what do I do?
How can I tell what the limit is to top-ups?
Please explain the exchange rates.
I want to terminate my account
Where can I located the auto-top up option?
what are exchange rates based on
My refund is not showing up in my account. Where is it?
I didn't cancel my card payment.
How can I go about ordering a virtual card?
When I deposit cheques and cash, my balance does not update.
I would like to exchange currencies, how do I go upon it?
Hi, My card is getting declined during top-up. As it urgent, could you please resolve this issue, or guide me with other alternatives if any.
Can you tell me why I can't make any transactions?
I would like to transfer money into my account.
What is the current exchange fee?
My top up is pending still
How long does EU transfer take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
What ATMs can I use my card at?
Can third party fees affect a transfer?
What currency is acceptable for a top up?
I noticed the exchange rate for cash withdrawal isn't right.
Do you have an age requirement when opening an account with your service?
How can I reset my PIN?
Can my children have their own account?
I have some transactions on my account I did not make. Can you cancel my card and prevent further use.
I would like to know if you use Visa or Mastercard.
I would like to edit my personal information .
Can you tell my why my card payment has been reverted.
For some reason my card payment didn't work
A transaction posted twice to my account.
I bought a product a week ago, but may need to return it.
i need a virtual card
Which type of card will I receive?
I just bought an item and changed my mind.  I have not received it yet how can I get refunded.  Thank you.
It seems there is an incorrect listing of a direct debit payment on my app that I did not make
I'm having difficulty verifying my identity.
I want to know which currencies and cards are supported, can you provide a list?
What limits are there on the virtual cards?
I attempted to get money using a foreign currency at an ATM but the rate was highly inaccurate!
I made a purchase and would like to get a refund for what I bought can you have the money put back in my account?
Is there a charge for physical cards
The transfer to my beneficiary has not gone through
What could possibly be the cause of my failed transfer?
If I request that my funds be held, what currencies do you use?
I entered a typo when I was transferring money and now I've sent it to an incorrect account.  This is so bad!  I need it cancelled now.
Is getting my identity verified required before I can use my account?
Where can I find my PIN? I haven't gotten it yet.
There's a direct debit payment that I don't recognize.
What is the purpose of the extra fee that is showing up on my statement?
How can I get the cash deposit to show up on my account?
What is the reason why the transfer shows as pending?
There was a limited amount of money available at the time of my transaction.
I am confused about your fee structure and was disappointed to see a fee for my transfer.
I got billed an extra pound!
Do I get to have one of those virtual cards I've heard about?
Yesterday I topped up my card. Why didn't it complete as it still pending?
With my new card, how may I activate it?
I'm starting to think my card is lost because it still hasn't arrived, can you help?
How long does it take for a cash withdrawal to show?
What currencies can I have?
How do I contact customer support about my declined transfer?
Do you know if there is a tracking number for the new card you sent me?
how many virtual cards can i have, i want 8
I placed a cheque but the funds aren't there
Can I order a new card?  Mine is about to expire.
Am I able to track a card that has already been sent?
I didn't know I was going to get charged to use my card.
What is the extra  €1 fee in my statement
I have moved.  Where can I update my details?
Can I get an actual card
Can I have money of different country of origin.
I need to change my address
My statement shows different transaction times.
Oh my goodness, my card has been declined twice at ATM! I tried two different ATM, but each one declined my card! Can you tell me what's going on with my account?
Can I deposit money using Apple Pay?
What does pending payment mean?
Is it possible to link a new card?
I should only have one charge, but it shows two.
Someone withdrew money from my account, and it wasn't me.
I accidentally chose to exchange GBP, but I need to pick AUD. How can I change it?
My transfer was not approved
I asked for a certain amount of money from the ATM, but it gave me a different amount. Less than what I asked for.
need help with google pay top up
I am perplexed. Why is it that I received an extremely wrong rate when I tried to use an ATM using a foreign currency?
How do I turn on my new card?
Please help me.  My card is missing.
I tried activation my card and it didn't employment
help, lost my card
I would like to cancel my purchase.
Is my card frozen?
I just looked over my statement and I don't recognize the name of a card payment.
I'm still waiting for my new card.
Am I able to modify my account details?
I have to transfer something to China as fast as I can. How long will it take to arrive in China?
I deactivated my card but would like to reactivate it.
There is a payment done with my card which i definitely did not do.Never seen that name before.
I would like to track the card you sent to me.
Does this app allow currencies to be exchanged?
When I tried to transfer funds to my friend today I was unable to do so, why?
Are there any fees for adding money with an international card?
I keep checking my statements but no progress.I requested a refund but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
The expiration of my card is near, how do I order a new card?
How do i transfer money using my credit card?
What would be a reason my transfer got declined?
Why am I having trouble verifying my id?
I want a virtual card!
What is the minimum age?
Why didnt my top up go through
Can I use my card everywhere?
How do you do exchanges?
What is identity check?
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get my money back. Please it's urgent.
How can I top up my account by bank transfer?
Why isn't my card working anymore?
I am out of money in my account and I was wondering if I could do a bank transfer is put more in it?
How long do I need to wait til my top up isn't pending?
My top-up has been cancelled.
I'm trying to move money from my account to elsewhere, but it's giving me an error message.
How do I change my card PIN?
How do I deactivate my account?
I would like open a second card for my daughter, how can you assist me?
I'm going to travel, can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
Help me!  I don't know what my password is.
Could you please tell me how to activate my new card?
I have my card here with me and someone has just made a withdrawal for 500. Please help!
My PIN is not working, can you help?
how do I get top up to work for my card
I could not get my transfer to happen correctly and was wondering why?
So, I see a strange fee that I've never seen before after making an online purchase from abroad. I was under the impression transfers could be made for free. I don't think this seems fair.
Can you tell me what i need for the identity check?
What is going on? My balance still hasn't updated and it has been two weeks since I deposited my money!
I want to add money but don't know what currencies you accept, can you tell me?
Which countries can I change my PIN in?
Why cant I transfer to my account?
I am still waiting for a money transfer to appear.
My daughter would like a card from my account?  Can I do this?
Why is my cash deposit not in my account?
What do you think of the exchange rate?
The exchange rate for my withdrawal isn't correct and doesn't match the actual exchange rate.
How to I switch my money for the money used in another country?
Can anyone else top-up for me?
Was my transaction reverted with my card?
I need my virtual card
Please tell me if I'm going to be charged for sending out more cards?
How do I link this new card?
Can I add a card that I just found (again) to the app?
There seems to be a couple of payments listed in the app I know weren't made by me. Is there a possibility someone has access to my card? Can you find out what's going on?
I initiated a Bank transfer form Europe, how long will this take?
I'm unsure of a withdrawl in my statement.
I already have one of your cards, how do I link them?
When can I expect to receive my card?
I am not seeing a refund in my statement.
Why can't my beneficiary get access?
Why am I not able to verify my id?
I requested a virtual card but it is not showing up. Why?
I don't know my PIN, how can I find that out?
I think I was charged extra on my payment on last Saturday.  Maybe the exchange rate was wrong?  I'd like a refund.
Why am I being charged for the same thing twice?
There is a fee on my account. Why?
The $1.00 has still not been reverted as indicated in the previous email.
I paid with my card and I was charged a fee
I got a new address and need to change my information.
Is there a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
Do you accept cheques for top ups?
Why is there a charge when I took out money?
How can the recipient see my money transaction?
Can you tell me when the transfer will be completed?
How can I verify my indentity?
What do I need to do to get a card?
What are all of the different steps for identity checks?
Can I see that history on my funds and where they came from?
How do I transfer cash my into my account?
how to get new card?
If I was mugged and lost everything, how do I access my account and app?
What if I want to add a card I already have to the app?
How do I add a card to the app?
Why did my transfer not work, it says it was declined?
How do I get my card back after the ATM swallowed it.
How do I report a stolen card?
A transfer to my account shows as still pending and I wanted to know how long it is suppose to take to clear.
Why is their a charge pending on my card still?
How can I go about resetting my passcode?
How long do I have to wait for the transfer to be finalized?
Out of the blue, my card stopped working.
Fix my contactless
Why would a card payment be declined?
Can you explain to me why a top-up would still be pending?
How do I start auto top up?
The incorrect rate was used in my foreign purchase
How do I unblock my card using the app?
What happens if my card is stuck in the ATM?
Help me please, My Apple Pay American Express top up does not work.
Can I still use my account without verifying my identity?
i have been trying to top up my account with a check but it won't work
I used my card to top-up but the money is gone!
Why has my card been declined?
I transferred some money to my mom 2 days ago and she has not received it. I double checked the information and it looks right. Can you help me?
Why do you have the identity check
The ATM is showing it gave me the money I requested but I didn't get that amount.
I moved so I need to change my address. How do I do that?
How fast can you fix an error in payment?  I made a payment in the wrong account yesterday and it needs to be adjusted by tomorrow for my rent.
How do I reverse a transaction on my account?
My card expires soon
I need some help figuring out what this strange payment is on my account. It's stays pending and won't go away.
I have made a card payment but it did not completed still showing as pending. Please tell me when it will be completed.
Is there a top up fee for transfer?
My money I had was gone and I could not get gas!
Why can't I get my top up to work in Apple Pay?
I was charged a fee for the transfer, but can you tell me why?
Why was my top-up declined?
Can I use my American Express card to add money into my account?
I would like to re-activate my card, it was previously reported  lost but I found it this morning.
I have not received an item i ordered yet so i want to cancel it and get a refund. Can you please guide me on how to go about it?
Someone besides me might be using my card.
What countries can I use the card in?
Where do I find the top-up verification code?
My card payment was not successful.
Why did you charge a fee when I withdrew from an ATM?
I lost my phone and need help so someone doesn't access my account.
Where can I find the card PIN?
I am having trouble withdrawing cash.
I was supposed to receive my new card by now, but it hasn't came in.
Where do I go to cancel a transaction?
How long will I have to wait for my new card?
I needed to make a payment on my account, but I typed in the incorrect number.  The app won't allow me to cancel this transaction.  I need it cancelled ASAP!!
I am wondering about a transfer from a different country that doesn't show up yet?
What is the procedure to transfer money to my account?
I still don't have a card. How do I get one?
So, the card PIN?
Why is my transfer pending when I already made it?
What ATMs can I use this card?
In regards to top-ups, can I do them via Google Pay?
How many cards can I have?
If I want to exchange currency, will there be extras?
My card stopped working when I use it
I lost track of my card
How do I top-up my card with a cheque?
How do I add a new card?
Why was my account assessed a fee?
I don't recognize the direct debit payment on my account.
How do I top up with cash?
Which fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchanging?
Can I top-up any amount I wish on any given day?
How do I see my source of funds?
How do I auto top-up?
€1 was in my statement as an extra fee.
I recently bought something in foreign currency and I am unsure of the exchange rate. Is this rate applied correctly?
Where can I get my card at?
I'd rather get a Mastercard
I can't prove my identity.
I'm interested in learning more about disposable virtual cards.
I need to update my demographics.
How can I lookup the source for my available money?
When traveling, can I auto top-up my card at certain times?
My automatic top-up was unsuccessful
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't do myself, never seen that name before.
Is GBP a supported currency?
Change currency
Why hasn't my top-up finished pending yet?
I do not wish to verify my identity.
How can I check on the delivery status of my card?
Why do you need all this information about my Source of Funds?
I got a message saying I made a withdrawal from the bank machine, but I did not.
Are there any extra hidden fees for exchanging currencies?
What is the fee on my statement for?
I have a direct debit I didn't set up
What if my top up doesn't go through?
Who do I talk to for transactions debited twice?
A payment I didn't do shows in my app
Do you give out Visa or Mastercards?
Why didn't my payment process
Why is my transfer stuck on pending?
I want to transfer money with my credit card.
I have forgotten my passcode
how do I know where I can get money withdrawn?
I recently deposited some money into my account, but it still isn't showing up. What's going on?
What are the steps for my friend to send me money?
Could I chose the date to have it delivered?
I think the currency exchange that's been applied is wrong.
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? There's one stuck since a couple of days already that doesn't seem to move
I want a refund because my package has been taking too long to arrive. How do I go about doing that?
my balance has not changed, despite depositing a cheque
My card was charged more than expected.
the exchange rate I got for cash was wrong
My app says I withdraw funds from my account through an ATM.
Where can I find a Mastercard ATM?
Why isn't my Google Pay top up working for me? Did I do something wrong?
Can you help me find the virtual card?
Why does is payment not going through? Did my account get frozen or some other issue I don't know about. What can I do to fix this problem?
I purchased an item and the exchange rate was wrong
i withdraw cash from the ATM and was charged a fee
What's the procedure with currency exchange?
How can I unlock the pin?
I am having a problem proving who I am
on my statement there is a payment that I don't recognise
I'm not sure why my card didn't work
I did not do this payment
After my card expires what should I do?
Help.  I have a stolen card!
My phone was stolen! What do I need to do?
Why was I not able to get cash from the ATM?
what is the correct exchange rate for getting cash
My transfer didn't arrive to the recipient
My card is expiring shortly.  How much will it cost for a replacement, and how soon can I get it?
I made a transfer and was charged an extra fee!
Why is my transfer taking so long. I thought it was supposed to only take 1 day if I made a transfer to someone. Can you wee what went wrong?
Are there any discounts in exchanging currencies frequently?
I'm in Austria right now, but I really need to change my PIN right now. Can I do this even though I'm in another country?
How long do transfers take to show up in my account?
Where can I find the source of my available money?
I'm trying to make a bank transfer but It's not going through. Could there not be enough funds to transfer or something? Have I done it too many times?
What is this card payment, I do not recognize it.
I wanted to know why there is a transfer of mine pending.
I see a direct debit that I didn't authorize
What currencies are used in your exchange?
My wallet was taken and I see that someone is using my card!   Please help me!
How do I receive a card?
On my last trip, I received the incorrect exchange rate.
I'm not okay with this fee on my statement.
How long do tranfers from a UK account usuallt take for you? I just made a transfer and nothing shows up, so just wondering if things went ok
Can you tell me why my top-up was canceled?
How do I change my name after marriage
I made a withdraw from the ATM this past holiday and it seems like a was charged too much. If I would have   known about these charges I wouldn't have made a withdraw.
When will it get delivered?
If I get another card, what kind of fees am I looking at?
I was charged an incorrect exchange rate for a withdrawal.
How do I find the refund on my statement?
What are the reasons why a card payment would be declined?
I thought transfers were free. Why was I charged to transfer?
I might need AUD instead of GBP, how to change?
where in the app can i find out about my new pin
When do I get my PIN?
Do the disposable cards have any restrictions on them?
If I were to transfer, what would the cost be?
Where can cards be delivered?
I'm at the ATM right now and it only allowed me to withdraw 10 pounds instead of my requested 30. What's going on? How can I fix this?
Help.  My card is broken.
Is there a certain age I need to be?
I would like to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service you're providing
Why was I not able to complete a transfer?
I bought some stuff this morning but the payment shows as pending
I broke my card
What all currencies can be exchanged?
The ATM I used for foreign currency provided the wrong exchange rate.
This company is terrible! Can you delete my account?
I want to change my account details.
My new card hasn't came in.
Where did my extra fee for the transfer come from?
When I got cash, my exchange rate was off.
May I get my salary paid out in a different currency?
How do I get my card on the app?
What value can I get for my currency?
I lost my password
Is there something wrong with my ATM Card?  Tried using it earlier and it did not work.
It has been forever ago that I made an order online. The product simply is not coming. Just give me back my money because I'm not paying these people.
Why did I need to verfiy my identity?
There is a transaction showing up several times.
I sent money about 5 days ago and the recipient has not received the money yet.
Why am I being charged to withdrawal money?
My top up doesn't work
How do your exchange rates factor in?
Where do I access the auto top-up function?
Why hasn't the app verified my identity?
I see a cash withdrawal that I did not perform.
I can't see my refund on my account
My credit card payment has been in pending status for a super long time.  I don't get it.  Why is it like this?  When will it go through?
What cards do you support
There is the same transaction showing more than once.
How many transactions can I do with my disposable card?
I want to create a new pin.
What does it mean if my payment is pending?
How do I get refunded?
Is a copy of the police report necessary for completing the report process?
What are the disposable virtual card limits?
How do I make sure I don't run out of money on my card while traveling?
Why can't I take money from my account?
The money would not transfer to a beneficiary.
My card payment did not work.
Please help me!  I need to cancel a transaction.
Is there anything I need to do since my phone was stolen?
I don't understand the money transfer process.
Why did my card payment get declined?
I'm out of money, can I add money with my bank?
I need an accurate exchange rate, when I make my withdrawals.
Can I get a new card even though I am in China?
I just got my card and want to use it, how do I activate my card?
Where do I find the auto top- up?
How long does it take to show a deposit I made to my balance?
Does your system support multiple currency.
i can not see my top up
I forgot my PIN number.
Why did you guys charge me an extra €1?
where to funds come from
Someone has a copy of my card !! I definitely still have it here but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal, HELP!
There has been a red flag on my top up.
Will my GPB update my salary
Does your app allow currency exchanges between USD and GBP?
I can't verify my identity.
Help me locate the nearest ATM.
Why isn't the transferred money there?
There is a card payment I'm not familiar with.
What is the cost of a transfer?
Why isn't my id verifying?
Can you help me to quickly cancel a transaction I accidentally did to the wrong account?
Where do I get a virtual card?
Problem verifying my account
I tried to send someone money but they haven't received it.
If I lost my phone, how can I stop someone from accessing my account through the app?
Can I exchange USD for GBP in your app?
How long does it take to transfer from china? Is there a way to transfer it quickly, I need it urgently?
Just today there was a purchase on my card that wasn't done by me. Can this be reversed and my card be frozen? I can't have this continue!
I transferred some money but it hasn't arrived yet
The cash withdrawal exchange rate is not correct.
Why do I need to have my identity verified?
A friend was telling me about her disposable cards. What would I have to do to be able to get that feature?
What would cause a transfer failure?
Can you tell me why I was declined from getting cash?
European bank card for top up will come with any extra fees?
When traveling, is it possible for it to add money at specific time intervals?
My top up is incomplete.
Every ATM I visit is rejecting my card and I don't know why. There should be money on it. Can you check it to see if something is wrong or if I'm doing something wrong?
My card shows a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
what is my monthly spending limit because i was refused my money at an atm
I think my card is broke it's not working anymore
I have an unknown debit charge in my statement, why?
Explain how to verify my identity?
What is the way to go about getting a virtual card?
The app says that I got cash in an ATM and I didn't
My Apple Pay top up with my American Express card is not working? Please tell me why
The top-up is broken.
I want to cancel a transaction from this morning.
I can't find my password
Am I able to return an item for a refund?
The ATM took my card.
In the app, how can I make it show the new card that arrived?
Can I electronically transfer funds into my account from my American Express?
I prefer mastercard.
Is the cash withdrawal going to show?
Would I be able to use SWIFT transfers?
How much time do transfers typically take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
How do I initiated a bank transfer to top up?
Can I have a second card?
What happens if my card payment is cancelled?
What do I do to link my new card?
I cannot find my refund on my statement.
Why am I charged to get money from the ATM?
how long does it take to get my card i am in a rush
I think the bank made a mistake on the exchange rates
I want to know how to transfer money with my credit card
What can I use my card to pay for?
The transfer I made isn't reflected in my balance
I tried to get money out of an ATM in Notting Hill earlier, but it didn't work. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
Can I get a new pin number at any ATM using my card?
I need to find out where the card is that I ordered.
Why are you charging for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after getting my groceries, and it appears there is a fee that wasn't there before
I don't think my top up is working correctly
This exchange rate you use is awful! Please tell me this is a mistake and not the official interbank exchange rate!
What is the number of days I have to wait for my Europe transfer?
Is a tracking number available for the card that was just sent?
Verifying the top-up seems like a hassle.
Will I have to pay extra to exchange money?
I want to top my account by using a bank transfer. How would that work?
How come I can't get money at the ATM
How do I edit my details?
I've forgotten my app passcode completely.
What should I do about a direct debit that I did not set up?
I would really like a physical card.
What businesses accept this card?
I was taking out funds and was unable to regain my card.
I've been trying to make a transfer and it doesn't seem to be working. (5 times) What is wrong with your system?
The app doesn't believe that I am me
There was a transaction from two weeks ago from a business that I don't know. I'm fairly certain it wasn't me who made it, but is it an option to trace it to confirm?
If I were to do a transfer, what is the rate for that?
i know i entered the right info, but my top up isn't in my balance
How do I know what the exchange rate will be when I make an exchange.
I can't see my Google Pay top up. Is it not working correctly?
I need to change details about my personal account.
Where can the cards be delivered?
What happened to the cash that I tried to deposit into my account? It's gone!
How can I make my card ready to use?
I see a charge on my account that I don't recall making. I feel like my account may have been compromised.
Suddenly, my card won't work.
can other people use the app to add money to my account
I was charged and shouldn't have been charged when using my card!
My payment came back for something i'm trying to buy online? it's been doing it for two weeks.  do you know what the issue is?
Is there a way to link the card i just got?
Whats the transfer process
My card has been compromised. I see a bunch of online shopping charges that I didn't make. I need to freeze it immediately.
I no longer have my phone with the app, what should I do?
There is a payment in the app that I did not approve
I got less cash at the ATM than I asked for. Why?
Where is my new card if I haven't received it yet?
At what ATM can I change my PIN?
I asked for a refund but its not here yet
Is it possible to also get a disposable virtual card?
Why is it taking so long to update my balance transfer?
what countries can i use my card in
What's taking so long for this payment to go through?
I have been charged twice
I have a new phone number and need to edit my contact information.
My top-up never worked
I transferred money but the recipient says it has not arrived. Why would this be?
I am not supposed to be charged a cash withdrawal fee, but I was.
I want to skip verification of my identity.
I can't verify my ID. Why?
I think I was wrongly charged in a recent transaction when I used my card.
From where can I withdraw?
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this,what should be done
Why did you charge me for a cash withdrawal?
How long can an EU transfer take?
I made a check and cash deposit that wasn't credited to my account.
How much money can I withdraw before fees? I noticed a fee on my card but I didn't think I had hit the limit of how much I could withdraw in a month.
How would I top up with a cheque?
Can I get a refund on an item?
cash from this morning has not deposited
I have multiple charges on the same transaction.
Tell me how to change my details.
What can I use to verify my identify?
How can I change the currency I'm exchanging from AUD to GBP?
What do I do to get ahold of my own card?
I found the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
Can you tell me what currency I can have?
Why am I being asked to have an identity check
I would like to change my PIN but I am not currently in the country.
How do I get a new card when my old one expires?
What is going on with it saying my card payment was declined?
Where do I go to get the code to verify the top up card?
I'd like to know what you guys look at to decide an exchange rate
How do I find my new pin?
Am I able to top up with Apple Pay?
Is there a way to link cards if I have one of yours?
Someone else might be using my card without my permission.
Hello there, I tried using crypto top up today but it's not working for me, might it be due to the kind of bank I'm using or the country that I'm from?Money is also missing from my account
How can I order a card?
How can get a Visa card?
What are your policies for card transfers?
Where can I check to see if there will be a fee added to my payment? Are there specific instances that will result in a fee added?
Which flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
I need to deposit money to my account
Why has my account balance not changed after depositing a cheque?
Why has my deposit in the ATM not cleared yet?
I wasn't able to use my card today when I went out for lunch. Wondering why that is?
I checked the app and my balance has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
Are there fees for adding money with an International card?
How to decide if I get a Visa or Mastercard?
where are the transfers originating
I do not know what this cash withdrawal is
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not do.
I want to cancel a transfer I just made.
Where can I withdraw money from?
Where's the button to top up with a cheque?
There is a strange payment on my card and I don't know what to do.
Can I obtained a Visa Card
With my credit card i would like to transfer money.
I made a payment and it is showing up twice
My transfer to beneficiary didn't go through
What would make a decline message show up during a transfer?
This company isn't good, I would like to delete my account.
How much am I allowed to top-up?
How and where can I find the identity checks?
How can I check to see if my top-up worked?
How do I go about changing my PIN?
Why did I get a fee from the ATM?
What are the disposable cards restrictions?
I was suppose to be getting a refund for something I purchased a while ago, but It still hasnt been applied to my account. When will I get my money back?
I want to end my account
Why am i to verify the top-ups?
The card can be used at which ATMs?
Can I top up by cheque?
Do I need my phone to use the app?
Hi, I just looked at my card transactions and saw that I've been charged twice for a restaurant I went to this week. Can you remove the double charge, please?
Please check to see if the band transfer I made a while ago from my UK account has safely arrived.
Is there a longer processing time for international bank transfers?
What's the expected wait time to recieve my new card?
Transferred to account is not successful, help please?
My money is all gone. What ways are okay to add money to my account?
Why is my disposable virtual card being denied?
why do I have a pending payment?
Can I activate a card in the app?
My transfer didn't work how come?
I lost my phone. Can I use my card without the app?
Why have I not gotten my new card?
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal?
Will you be able to exchange to EUR?
How do I change my name?
What are the charges if I exchange foreign currency?
My card appears to have never arrived?
Where do I find my card PIN?
Why wont the ATM give me cash?
there were two of the same charge to my account
I cant find my card.
Is there a reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
I tried to get some money but the machine was not working .The transaction still seems in progress! Can you please check what's going on.I don't want to be charged for money that I did not received.
How do I transfer money between two of my accounts?
Someone took my card without permission
I have cancelled payments to this card.
Can you tell me what the exchange fee is?
How do I edit the personal details on my account?
What steps must I follow to get a Visa credit card?
Does the exchange rate change?
My money has gone missing. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's missing. What is happening?
How is the exchange rate calculated?
I don't have a way to prove my identity.
I tried to transfer money but it said it wasn't possible? I've done this before and it worked why isn't it working now?
Are there any fees associated with receiving money?
Why is my app showing me taking money that I did not take out?
My daughter need a card from this account. Is that possible?
Is it possible to purchase more physical cards with my account?
I can't see the transfer that I put in.
Hi. I just withdrew cash from an ATM and received the wrong amount. However, my app shows the correct amount I withdrew. How do I get the rest of the cash?
how can i add money to my account if you don't accept cash
Is there a way I can get a Visa card?
I can't find my phone; what can I do to prevent someone from accessing my account on it?
My card is expiring soon.
What's the card you sent me's tracking number?
There is a payment that I made that hasn't gone through yet.
Can I reset my password?  I don't know what it is.
Why is my card payment pending?
What is the exchange rate for EUR?
My transfer didn't work! Help!
The contactless I have won't work.
Why can't I make a transfer?
I need to actuate my card.
I have an incorrect charge and would like a refund.
How long do you have to wait to see your virtual card your ordered?
I managed to drunken block my card :(( Help!
Why is your exchange rate different on different days?
The app reversed a top off I had.  What should I do?
Can you change the rate for the item I bought in a different currency as it is wrong?
Where do I go to terminate my account?
How can I change my information?
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up. I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Would you please help me get the money back from the seller.
My payment has been declined several times.  Can you help me?
My funding to my card didn't go through.
I need to make multiple disposable cards in a day.
My cash received does not match what has been requested
What is the process for setting up and account for my child?
I need to know what's going on. I was under the impression you offered cryto top up which doesn't seem to be working and money has just vanished from my account.
I am trying to transfer money and something is going wrong.
Is it possible to get a real card?
Am I able to change my PIN at any cash machines?
What do I do if an ATM ate my card?
Where do I order a disposable virtual card?
My top up says it is still pending
Why did my transfer to a beneficiary fail?
I got mugged yesterday and lost access to the app. I need to regain it.
When trying to get more than one card is there a extra amount that needs to be paid?
I made a cash withdrawal at an ATM but it still says pending in my account.
How do I request a refund?
Is there a disposable virtual card option?
Will money be added automatically when necessary?
Why can't I verify my id?
My bank transfer is still not showing up in my account.
Will you accept my credit card?
There is money missing from my account.
Hi, I'm trying to purchase a flat and I'm needing the first payment for the mortgage to go through on the flat I'm trying to buy. For some reason I keep getting an error.can you assist in making this transfer? What is going on?
Is there a way you can have money from a purchase I made refunded to my account.
I must change my PIN as soon as possible.
Did a WD earlier at an ATM.  The amount showing in the App is more than I got though.
How can I get my card out of the stupid ATM that ate it?
What steps do I need to take to exchange currencies?
Why is the exchange rate for my payment incorrect?
How do I go about ordering a card?
Is it possible to get both a Visa and a Mastercard?
Is it possible for a friend to personally send me a payment?
I decided I no long want something that I ordered, and want a refund. How do I go about doing that?
Someone else made a Direct Debit transaction on my account
Can you tell me what cards and currencies you support?
How can correct Top up with the app to work correctly?
I believe that a card payment I made was cancelled.
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card yet?
Why is my transaction taking so long to complete?
I am required to make several disposable cards every day.
What is necessary for the identity verification?
Is there a reason that my top-up is still pending?
I'm waiting for my transaction to complete.
Can I be topped up once I hit a certain balance?
Why did the ATM take my card and keep it?
Card refund is not showing up in my statement.
What is the refund procedure?
Is there a charge to use a Top up card in the US?
Why does it show that my transfer is still pending?
My password doesn't work.
Why wouldn't my withdrawal go through?
I would like to top up my account with a bank transfer, is that allowed?
While on vacation in Spain I think someone saw my PIN and I now need to change it, can I do this at an ATM in Spain?
There are two of the same charges on my account.
I completed a transfer that isn't showing up on my account.
There is a strange card payment I don't recognise.
I was out today looking forward to paying with my brand new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. This is pretty sad, what's going on?
My money disappeared right when I tried to top up
While transferring money, its getting error out as my transfer is not possible. Please help me in this as earlier i was able to do it successfully.
My pin isn't here yet
what is the fee for a transfer into my account
What will I need for identity verification?
How do I know when my card will arrive?
Help me activate my new card.
I withdrew money from an ATM today, and now my account is showing a different amount than what I withdrew. I checked the amount the ATM gave me, and it looks like it gave me the wrong amount of money. What is the best thin for me to do to get this fixed?
My entire gym bag, including my wallet, was stolen out of my locker today. Everything in my wallet is gone - how do I block the card to make it can't be used?
What type of ID do you accept?
What steps do I take to unblock my PIN?
Can I get a card that works in other countries like Africa and Indonesia?
I have a cash withdrawal in my statement. Why is that?
My card is lost! What do I do now?
I have foreign currency i would like to change how much will it cost me?
What do I do if I forget my passcode?  Because I did.
I want to set a new PIN
Can I still use the app if I switched phones?
I only received $20, but I requested $100.
Can someone assist me with the details explaining which fiat currencies that you support?
What is the transfer fee charge?
Please help me delete this account.
What fiat currencies are used with holdings and exchanges?
I received duplicate charges.
I want to replace my current PIN.
How do I get Top Up to work in Apple Pay?
I paid with my card so so why was I charged a transaction fee?
What'll it charge me for a SEPA transfer?
I need more assistance with how to activate my card.
I got an unexpected charge on my transfers. How can I correct this?
I found my lost card. Am I still able to use it?
My card activation attempt failed.
A fee came along with me paying with card
I transferred some cash and it has not arrived yet.
Why was money taken for a transfer?
how to delete account, not happy
Will my employer be able to pay me with this service
I have paid by my card but payment is still its coming as pending. I think there is some issue please check and let me know when the status will complete.
How do i receive a physical card?
Can my account have different types of currency in it.
How many miles away is the ATM?
I'm travelling abroad but I've run into a situation where I need to change my PIN immediately. Can I do this from here?
What currencies are accepted for adding money?
I saw on the app that a cash withdrawal was completed on my account; however, I did not complete it.
How long do bank transfers take to clear
The app doesn't recognize me.
Can I use a bank transfer to add money to my account?
How old do my kids need to be to use your service?
Why didn't I receive all the cash I requested?
How do I do an international transfer?
I bought something with my card and I was charged a fee
So what about the card PIN?
Topping up my card is not working because I believe the top up is pending
Need to deposit a cheque into my account
Bank transfer to account did not show up, please help?
Your foreign exchange rate is wrong.
Is this where I order a virtual card?
Where is my PIN?
When I got cash, my exchange rate was wrong.
How do I find out why my card won't work?
I would like a virtual card...how do I get one?
How can I top up with a cheque?
Why is my card not working?
How can I transfer money to this account from another bank?
Do ATM cash withdrawals carry a charge now? They've been free in the past, but all of a sudden I have to pay to make ATM withdrawals?
Where is my new card? I have been waiting a week!
How does one send me money?
I need to get a card, how do I do that?
How do your exchange rates work?
Could you tell me why my cash withdrawal was declined?
Is there such thing as an auto top-up option?
Google pay and top up, I want it, can I get it?
Hi I'm a new customer and tried topping up for the first time today, seems it's not working, the thing shows up as pending since half an hour already! Please fix it!
I need to get hold of a physical card?
I was double-charged for a transaction
Can I revive a physical card.
I recently made a payment, and it is showing up in my account as "pending". What does that mean?
How do I update my current residence details?
Why haven't I gotten my new card?
What are the limitations on the disposable cards?
Where is my money that I transfered?!
How do i access the auto top-up option?
I am not able to do contactless.
Can you tell me if my pop-up went through?
Where is my deposit?
What are the top up charges for US cards?
WHAT IS THE ATMOSPHERE OF IT
How can I dispute a direct debit charge on my account?
I'm still waiting on my card to be delivered.
Where can I activate my card?
What is the process to change my PIN?
I was wondering if there were any discounts offered for frequent currency exchanges?
Where do I go to reset the passcode?
I made a purchase with my card and I was charged a fee for using it
Why is my refund not showing up on the statement?
Hello, in these holidays i have been overcharged on the amount i have withdrawn on one of your ATMs. I did not had any clue about the horrible charges otherwise i would not have withdrawn.
Someone stole my card. I need to report it stolen. I made a police report already, but how do I report it with you?
Should my top-up be completed by now?
Is it free to send out more cards?
What are the steps I should take to recover my swallowed card?
I've lost my card. What can I do about that?
The refund isn't showing up on my account.
Is auto top up available?
When shipped to the US how long is delivery time?
Please give me both a visa and a master card.
There is an error, the app says I made an ATM withdrawal and I didn't.
My cash deposit hasn't posted to my account.
Is there anyway to bypass identity verification?
Is this card accepted by ATMs?
Where do you get your exchange rates from?
I made a purchase this morning, and it is showing as pending.
I believe my card has been compromised as there are funds showing that I did not receive.
What is the maximum number of transactions that I can put on a disposable card?
How do I reset my password?
How is my card payment still pending?
What is going on with my cash deposit. I'm looking at my account balance and it is not there. It has been almost a week. Someone better get back to me asap.
The ATM didn't give me what I asked for but my balance says it did
Do you have a top-up limit?
the balance on my account didnt change when i transferred money
My ID verification hasn't gone through yet, but can I use my account anyway?
I paid for something in foreign currency but noticed the exchange rate is incorrect.
I want to use a cheque to pay.
What is my identification used for?
How do I delete my account now
When did you start charging to make a withdrawal? How much is it now? I always thought it was free.
Are top-ups allowed using Apple Pay?
What information am I going to have to have in order to do a transfer with my card?
I need some money transferred ASAP, how long does the process take?
Hi, I made a transfer from France two days ago and thought it would be here by now. Can you give me an update please?
I want a backup second card. Is this possible?
Why is my disposable card not working?
I am trying to exchange crypto and it's not working. Tell me how to fix this.
Can i get payed through this system?
Hi,  Please help me, as i have transferred some amount but receiver did not get the same amount. He received a bit less. Due to this again i need to transfer the difference.   I have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. Now i have transfer the difference of the amount. I think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
I have double-checked all of my recipient details but for some reason all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have no clue as to why.
I didnt get the correct exchange rate for getting cash
Guide me on how to unblock my PIN
I saw that my transfer was declined.
Can I top up my balance with a cheque?
Why am I being declined?
I see a direct debit payment on my app that I did not do
The app is showing an ATM withdrawl that I didn't make.
I want a card. What is the procedure?
The card is non-functional.
How long until the card arrives?
I want to top up by transfering accounts, What do I do?
Looks like my top-up has been cancelled
What is wrong with the exchange rate? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
I question today's exchange rate for rubles into pounds. I was hoping for a better return.
Where did the  €1 fee in my statement come from
Where can my card be delivered?
Are US credit cards accepted?
I will need to get a new card soon, how do I order?
Do I need to verify the top-up?
Someone transferred money to me and it doesn't show
Nothing goes through on my card.
Can I get more cards just incase?
I'm having an issue with transaction. I topped up my account and saw it went through, but that was a few days ago and the money isn't in my account any more. What's up with that?
Can you check the exchange rate on a cash transaction I did overseas
Can you please tell me why my card payments are not going through when I try to buy something online? When I put in my card payment it takes it but it comes back a while later.
Why do we need to verify top-ups?
beneficiary transfer problems?
My card has been stolen. I reported it with the police, but I need to report it with you as well.
How do I pay by check?
Is the PIN sent in another message?
Do you support changing the currency I use?
How can I change my Rowlock ?
Are there restrictions for ordering extra cards?
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, but the payment just kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
I've tried using my contactless in several locations today and it's not working anywhere. It seemed fine before. How do I get it to work again?
I want to make an online purchase but I don't want to use my credit card. Can you tell me how a disposable virtual card works and where I can apply for one?
I an not sure but it looks as if a card payment I made was cancelled.
How long does it take for me to get my pin
Can I verify my identity online?
Where do I find my code to verify my top-up card?
How many disposable virtual cards can I have?
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket.
Do I have to manually top up once I'm too low?
I am interested in giving a second card to my daughter, how can I make this happen?
Is it possible to use an ATM when I am not in the country and make a withdraw with out extra fees?
Why are there limits on auto top-up?
My account is blocked, how do I log in now
How do I check security settings using the app?
How can I transfer funds from my bank to my top up account?
I need to know which fiat currencies I can use with you.
I want to know your exchange rates.
There is no way for me to prove my identity.
Please help!  I was mugged and everything stolen.  What do I do to stop them from accessing my account?
is there a limit on top ups
How can I check on the status of my new card?
I received my American Express card, but I am having problems making it work with Apple pay.  Can you help me with this problem?
I put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help me unblock it?
Is it really necessary to verify my Identity?
The balance has not been updated.
The transactions showing up are strange, I think my card was used without me knowing.
I purchased an item and the exchange rate I was given was incorrect.
how come when i asked for 100 it only gave me 20.00 in the app
Tell my why my top-up is pending.
want to get a new card in china
I'm waiting on a top-up, its still pending
Help me.  My phone has been lost or stolen!
My card rejected a cash withdrawal. Why?
Hi need your help for getting the refund or cancel the payment of an item, i have ordered but still have not received it.
Is there a reason to why I was charged twice for a transaction?
Can you track my card for me?
Can I transfer something urgently from China? How long does it take?
I made a cash deposit going to my account but it is not there
What do I do if my phone is stolen?
Are there any sort of fees involved for top of transfers?
Am I able to get a refund for something I bought?
Show me where to order my card.
I made a transfer recently but it has not changed on my dashboard.
I do not recognise this card payment.
I'm waiting for the ID verification to go through still, so is it too soon to use my account?
I want to withdraw money, where can I go?
How do I go forth on holding money in multiple currencies?
Can you show me how to top up with Google play?
I don't think I was supposed to be charged so much.
Although I transferred some money, it has not as of yet, arrived.
why hasn't a transaction to a friend cleared yet?
Is there a fee for making a payment? If so, let me know why.
Tell me what ATMs allow me to change my PIN.
I need my card activated.
I cant find my card, it's gone.
So my top-up failed, could you tell me why?
Is it possible to give a second card from my account to my daughter?
Where'd the rest of my cash go from the ATM
How do I go about changing my address?
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it wouldn't stop saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's Broken?
Can I have a card even if I am not living in the UK?
Someone has stolen my phone, what should I do?
How do I verify the source of my funds?
My job requires me to do a lot of exchanging currency, and I was wondering about any possible discounts or lower prices.
Explain why I can't do a transfer to an account.
How long does it take for a transfer to reach my account?
I have a new email.
How do I fix a transaction to the wrong account?
It looks like someone else withdrew cash from my account, can you help?
My card was declined and I did not receive money from the ATM earlier, yet it show on my account that it is pending.
How can I top up by card?
Hello-Can you please help me get a refund from this merchant?  I ordered a product and would like to return it. I have been unsuccessful in getting the merchant to return my request for the past several days.  I understand it can take up to 45 days to process the dispute and issue a refund, however, if this can be expedited faster it would be very helpful to me.
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's wrong?
I have a problem with my account. I tried to transfer some funds and the message came back declined. Can you help me?
My ATM withdrawal is taking forever
I believe my card payment exchange rate is incorrect.
My card gets rejected when I try to use it
My disposable virtual card is not working
Where can I modify my details?
As far as courtries go which ones are supported?
I tried to make a transfer like five different times. Why won't your system let me? Is it broke?
Do I have to go to the bank to change my PIN?
I think there has been a mistake on my exchange rate for this purchase.
Why is there a $1 charge on my statement?
The exchange rate that was applied for an international purchase was wrong.
My transfer failed, why?
How many ATMs will take this card?
Can you tell me the cost of a transfer?
What's the fee for exchange of foreign currencies?
Why do you need me to do an identity check?
What is the normal time to make an international transfer? I made one a few days ago that still hasn't arrived.
Can I top-up by cheque?
I lost my phone and would like to freeze my accounts.
What happens if I use my account and my identity verification hasn't finished?
Hi, Yesterdays i was unable to do online shopping as it was getting declined. Today I am facing the same issue. Please help me in this respect.
I need to reset my passcode. Where do I go to do that?
Why can't I use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account?
My payment has been returned.
Why was I not allowed to do a transfer to a beneficiary?
can I have a non virtual card?
Hi, I have been transferring money to my friends since morning, but all my transactions were getting failed. Can you please look into this issue.
i have been trying to add money with apple pay but it wont work, why?
Earlier today I took money out the ATM. After checking the app the amount is so much higher than the amount I received.
Am I charged if I make a top-up?
Where do I need to live to get support?
why was a transfer declined
My American express is experiencing a problem with apple play with top up, can you fix it?
What do I do if my card expires soon?
How can I perform a dual money transferring from one account to another?
Where do I need to go in the app to enter my card info?
I got charged twice
Been trying to transfer money this morning but keep getting rejected. I don't understand why this is happening.
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards that I need to be aware of?
The disposable cards, what are they for?
Why didn;t my payment work
Are there any top-up limits?
I can't seem to use my card. Can you help?
I used my card to top up, but now I don't see the money in my account.
My card payment has been pending for a long time now. Why is it taking so long to take. It should have already made it through.
What about a auto top-up?
Is there any fees associated with receiving money with this account?
Can you give me a virtual card?
what happened to the money after i put in the wrong info and it got declined
Can I activate my card with the app?
How come a fee was charged when I tranferred money
Where can I find my PIN?
I must verify the source of my funds
I did not get the item I ordered.  How should I go about this?  Should I just cancel my order or my payment?  Please help me.
I'd like to order an additional card
How do I take a block off my card?
How can I get a card sent to China?
Do I get charged for withdrawals?
What is the auto top-up limit?
I have heard about these disposable virtual cards but don't understand how they work.
I sent money.  They haven't received it.
My payment has been declined, I thought this issue was fixed!
My transfer hasn't gone through yet.
The app says I made a cash withdrawal even though I didn't.
Can you help me process a refund?
I tried using my card at multiple vendors and now it's not working.
How do I close my account, since I'm dissatisfied?
Why am I getting declines when trying to make a purchase online?
When I top up what are the amoutn limits.
I would like to know why my purchases from this morning are still pending.
What do I do when a charge has been made that I did not make?
My card payment didn't work, can you help?
I noticed my card was used in a small town that I have never been to. Can you stop the card from being used more?
I tried to top up my account and it didn't work
I want my card frozen right away. Money was taken out in an odd location I have never heard of.
Why isn't my topup working?
This company is bad, delete my account now.
Can I get paid in a different currency?
How long does it take to get my money
Will a beneficiary not accept a transfer?
Can you help me transfer funds from another bank account to this account?
i've waited 2 days for a transfer to reach a retailers account, am i going to have to wait longer.
Do I need to order a new card if mine is expiring?
I can't input my pin again.
I see a strange payment in my account.
Are there charges for using a bank card to top up
I made a card payment, but it has been declined?
why wont my american express work to add money
I have a canceled top-up and wanted to know about it.
I need to exchange my GBP to AUD, how would I do this?
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me a different amount than what I've been charged though...
How can I get a refund for an item I purchased but has not yet arrived?
I needed $100 but all it gave me was $20.
Why can't I complete the transfer?
An ATM swallowed my credit card!
How can I activate my new card? I didn't recieve any information with it about how to do so.
On the card that is coming, what's the tracking info?
Someone mugged my and stole everything.  I can't use the app.  What should I do?
Can you explain where I can find the auto-top option?
Why was I charged a fee for using my card
Hey I am standing in front of an ATM here, it only gave me 10 pounds even though I wanted to withdraw 30! Seems like the app has 30 pounds, what do I do??
Is there any way to cancel a recent transfer?  I did not mean to make it and need to make sure it does not go through.
Can I have another card in addition to my first one?
Are there limits as to where my card will be accepted?
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards I can have?
How do I order a disposable virtual card?
I have no idea why there is a dollar that has been charged to my account.
What are the steps to reset my passcode?
Do you know how to change my card PIN?
What cards do you offer?
Why am I being charged again?
Can I have more than one disposable card?
Can i have a second physical card for this account?
Why is the exchange rate so exorbitant? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
Hi, status of one of my card payment is still pending from a while. Please let e know how much time it will take to complete.
In what way can I use the disposable cards?
Why did I not get my cash back after I withdrew?
Can you please check if I was charged twice?
Where can I find top up by cash deposit?
My card got charged twice for the same thing!
I have a duplicate charge
There is a €1 extra fee in my statement
I deposited cash this morning and I am still waiting
I didn't want to make a transaction, I want to revert it
How long will the $1 charge show as pending?
I'm due a refund and it is not on my statement.
Why is my debit card being declined when I have money?
There is an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account for 500£.  I definitely didn't make this withdrawal.  I need your help.
I have an unusual payment in my statement
Where is my credit card that was to be mailed?
I refuse to verify my identity.
I deposited a check yesterday and im not seeing it posted yet in my account. why is that? can you look into it?
Why don't I see my top up in my wallet?
my statement contains an unknown payment
When will the money be made available in my account?
Is currency exchange possible?
What are you exchange rates?
Why was I charged for cash withdrawal?
What do you require for identification verification?
I want to add funds to my account. What payment methods are accepted?
What are the steps I need to do if I have a stolen card?
What if I need my salary in a different currency?
The see the rate applied to my transaction was wrong at the atm.
My order needs to be canceled.
Can you tell me what this fee is on my statement?
Why has my transfer been declined?
Waiting for the cash I deposited this morning still
This fee shouldn't be there after I paid with a card.
found card, how to put it back in app
Where can I order a card when I am in China?
How do I report a cash withdrawal that wasn't me?
So, I am a new customer and attempted to top up for the very first time today. It's already been pending for half an hour and doesn't seem to be working. I need to please get this fixed.
Can you tell me how to get a disposable virtual card?
The expiration date of my card is approaching .
How much will I get with the exchange rate?
I deposited a check but my balance is still the same.
Can I use my card for payment all over the world?
which kind of documentation do I need for identity check?
What do I need to do to activate my new card?
My card has been pending for a while, what should I do?
What does top-up verification do?
My money transfer has not happened yet
I have friends that would like to top-up my account is that possible?
my google pay seems to be acting up.
How do I set a new pin?
Help!  I forgot my password.
I would like to reactivate a card and wondered if that could be done?
ATM apparently not working?  Couldn't access funds in my account?
Should my top up still be pending?
I can't use my virtual disposable card
Could you please freeze my card immediately?
I've tried to send money to my friends and I keep getting rejected. Can you please tell me why, I don't understand.
Why am I being charged for ATM fees?
What is my money worth in other countries?
What's the normal time frame for a transfer from a UK account? After just making a transfer it doesn't appear at all. I need to know if things went okay.
Please help.  The card won't work.
Can I top up with cash
I'm not in the UK, can I get a card?
I went for a meal in Seattle and paid the bill but I think they charged me twice, the first time they swiped the card I got a notification to say the money had gone out the account but then I added a tip and I think they swiped it all again. Can you refund one of the charges?
What are the limits to where my card will be accepted?
My salary is in GBP - what should I do?
Can you explain the various transaction times shown on my statement?
Why is this payment pending?
How can I change currency type?
How can I exchange AUD for GBP?
There is a payment I don't recognize
I can't seem to make a standard bank transfer. I have tried at least five times already but none of them are going through. Please tell me what is wrong?
My card payment is showing pending.
there is a transfer pending.
Why were there additional charges when transferring?
Where do I find the verification code for the card I'm topping up?
What is the reason I got rejected for using my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym?
Why was I charged a fee when I withdrew money?
Hi, I made a transfer yesterday that I need to reverse.  I need to put the money in a different account.
What is this extra €1 fee about?
What is the dollar that I have pending on my statement there?
What fee will be charged for exchanges?
How can I exchange currencies in the app?
I still don't have my card after 2 weeks.  What should I do?
I would like to use cash to make a top-up?
If I lost my phone, can someone use my account?
What is the activation process on my new card?
What do I do if I have been charged twice?
The machine gave me the wrong amount of cash.
I deposited a cheque with some money, but the balance hasn't changed.
I want to order a card. Where do you deliver to?
I would like my card activated.
I transferred money, but I think I've been charged a fee for it?
Can you tell me if my top-up has been cancelled?
What steps should I take before my card expires?
What currencies can I use?
I tried to withdraw cash at an ATM in the city center but my card was declined. The transaction is still showing up as pending - please cancel it!
I attempted to top up my car today, it failed! I just got it a couple of days before and it worked then. What is going on with it?
can i add funds  with a card from the united states
Can i use this card at any store?
When I try and to buy something using my card it keeps getting declined.
Does your app allow currency exchange from USD to GBP?
Can I get a spare card for someone else to use?
What's the reason for needing to verify my identity?
I received my Virtual card information, but was unable to use it to make a purchase. Why did this happen and what can I do?
I need help from someone in your department with finding my nearest ATM.
Please help me in this, as i was unable to make any payment by my new card,  it was getting declined repeatedly. I am not very happy with this incident.
What is the process for activating my card and using it?
What is the auto top up function and where can I find that at?
How did my top-up fail?
Can a transaction be cancelled?
Is there a way to find an ATM around me?
I want to do a cash top-up
What is the estimated wait time for transfers from the US?
What flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
When will my card be delivered?
I want to use my card. How do I activate it?
I would like more physical cards
I am overseas in China, can I get a replacement card?
What are the fees for using transfer to top off my account?
I was supposed to get a refund but it is not showing up on my card
Hello- It is urgent I get a refund on this product. The merchant has not been helpful, what can I do now to get this resolved ASAP?
If I bought something I didn't like, can I get a refund?
Can I receive a refund for an item I purchased?
My statement is showing an extra £1 charge and I am unsure why. Is there an explanation for this?
Can I use google play as my primary app to Top up?
Please send a new card; the ATM ate mine.
I need to move money from one of my other accounts to this one.
I tempted to get some money out of the machine earlier and it did not work.Looking now, the transaction actually shows to still be in progress. I would certainly appreciate someone look into this and let me know what's going on. I definitely do not want to be charged for money I never received.
How can I change the PIN?  Do I have to go to a real bank?
Can I use my card anywere?
Is it possible for me to track the card is was mailed to me?
Where do you support?
There is an urgent thing that I need to transfer from China. Approximately how long will it take?
I need to cancel my card.  There are a few charges from a couple days ago that I didn't make.  Can I get credit for these charges?
Can I use my card while on vacation overseas?
I can use this card at which ATMs?
$20 came out instead of $100
My card hasn't arrived yet.
I would like to revert a transaction I did this morning
I need the source of my funds verified. How do I do this?
Is there a way to track the delivery of my card?
Why can't I buy cryptocurrency on the app?
I made an error in payment yesterday and I need it fixed asap because it's for my rent tomorrow.
WTF??? I tried to withdraw some money at a Metro bank on High St. Kensington and without any notice it disappeared in the machine. The bank was already closed so I couldn't do anything. How do I get it back?
What should I do if my phone is lost or stolen?
My PIN is unlocked, what do I do?
I see my transfer was declined.
How do I exchange currencies with this
There was a direct debit I don't recognize.
may I have a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
Are you going to charge me to top up my card?
What I topped up was reverted by the app.
The ATM stole my card!
The refund I asked for isn't showing up
After making a payment with my card it doesn't seem to have worked. It's just showing to be pending. When will this actually be going through?
I cannot tell what my top up currently is.
How limited is a virtual card?
What is the time frame for european transfers?
I don't know what to do. Should I transfer funds. My account is out of money.
How many disposable virtual cards can you have?
When will my card be here?
I wanted to know why a top-up I made has been reverted.
why do i need to verify the top up?
I need assistance activating my card?
Why have I been charged a small fee to use my card?
If I feel someone has my card information, can I get a new card?
Will it take more than 3 days for my transfer to reach my account?
Why did my top-up not work?
Is there a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
I am experiencing difficulty providing my identity.
How do I get a refund for an unauthorized direct debit payment?
what steps do i do to get a real card
How do I transfer funds directly from my credit card?
Why was I charged for a cash withdrawal at the ATM?
Why can't I get cash out?
Can you tell me why I was charged $1 for a transaction?
Hi, I'm buying my son Bertie a starter home in London.  I'm just trying to send the 5% deposit over to the agent. It's only £200,000 but seems to be throwing an error.  What is going on?  If I wait any longer the house prices might rise, can you look in to it please?
Can you tell me your exchange rates?
My thoughts were that you offered crypto top up which does not seem to be working. The money has now been taken from my account. What is the problem here?
An extra fee has been added to my card payment is this correct?
My money is gone :( I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
How long will it take to receive a virtual card?
Looking at my statement I see that I was double charged for a payment I made.
I need to be made aware when I am being charged an extra amount for payments please. I looked over the app earlier and noticed an additional feel related to one of the payments. I was not warned about this before.
can I choose delivery times to suite me?
There are some charges that I don't recognize.  It happened days ago.  Can I get these charges back?  Should I cancel my card?
Why is the cash withdrawal under pending?
I got married and need to change my name.
Can it automatically top up my account?
I need help. I asked for a refund from a merchant a while ago, but I have not gotten my money back. I keep checking my account, but nothing is showing up. What should I do now?
There are a couple payments with my card displayed in the app which I didn't make. What is happening? Maybe someone has access to my card.
Can you unblock my pin after too many wrong pin attempts?
I moved.  I need to update my details.
I am entering my passcode but getting an error.
How old do my kids have to be use this?
My funds are not transferring to my bank. Why is this not working?
How long is the transfer?
Does it cost anything to transfer money for a top-up?
I do not know my passcode.
Where can I find the top up verification code?
Please delete my account. I am not happy with the service from your company.
Is there a top charge for US cards?
I would like to close my account, as I'm not happy.
I just lost my wallet and I think someone is using my card to withdraw my money. Can you please cancel or freeze my card?!!
I think my card payment had been return
Is there a fee for topping off a US card?
What exchange rates do you offer?
I have duplicate charges for the same transaction
My card is being used online to make a bunch of purchases! Someone else is using it fraudulently. Can you help me freeze it?
Hi something is going on with the app.  I see some payments I didn't make?
Is there a way to use a cheque to top up my account?
My card couldn't pay in a shop.
If I make a transaction can I cancel it?
How do I get a refund for something I bought?
Where do I go to see the source of my available money?
If I have this card, which ATMs can I go to?
Trouble with my top up
Please delete my account, this company is not working for me!
CAN YOU EXPLAIN HOW TO TRANSFER MONEY INTO MY  ACCOUNT FOR ME?
Is there always a charge when withdrawing money?
The ATM would not give me cash,why?
I only have a card from the US is that okay?
Why hasn't my card arrived yet?
There is something wrong with my card. Tried to use it a few times today in different places and it just didn't work. The transactions I tried to make were really small so not sure what's going on
Will filling stations accept my card?
why did my account decline a incoming transfer
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but I found it.
Why did the cash deposit not show up in my account?
How come I was charged a transaction of $1?
What do I do if an ATM "stole" my card?
Why would my card payment be cancelled?
How to access my virtual card
What is this direct debit I am seeing?
There's a problem - I bought something about a week or two ago but just today the payment somehow came back into my account! I already received the item though, what's going on here?
I am worried about the amount of my cheque, which should be credited to my account few days before. As i have already sent you the cheque.
How do I receive more physical cards
The exchange rate is incorrect for something I bought
what are exchange rates
There was a purchase on my card recently to a name that I don't recognize at all. What can be done about this? I need my money back.
Why is my transfer pending?
What is the max I can top up?
I have never been charged a fee for cash withdrawal before. When did that change?
My exchange rate was wrong for an Item I bought!
why is there a service fee on my statement?
What is the tracking number for the card you sent?
Can I use a disposable virtual card for any purchase?
I think my top up was reversed.
How can I exchange to EUR?
I won't verify my identity.
Is there an amount limit to my top-up?
help me link my card
Can I see where my funds come from?
I was charged a hidden fee when I paid with card.
I need to verify my funds.
Why was I overcharged a pound!?
What do you need my identity details for?
how can i track card you sent
I need another card
I need to know the cost and when I will receive a new card to replace an old one.
While doing a transfer, it says declined.
No Visa please. I want to continue with Mastercard.
I need help proving that this is really me and to verify my identity.
Show me how can my friends top up my account.
How long will it take for me to get my card?
The exchange rate for my cash withdrawal was incorrect
I tried to transfer funds to a beneficiary and was denied. Can you tell me why?
I think you reverted my top up.
How long will it take for the card to arrive?
Why was a transaction on my card declined?
Do you limit my top-ups?
Which cards are accepted for topping up?
My transfer was declined. What might the reason be?
My top up was reverted. Can you help?
I really want a physical card. How do I get one?
Hi, I want to inquire about my balance. Some cash was deposited and it hasn't updated yet.
My card is missing!  Help!
What is the number of transactions for one disposable card?
What is the process for activating my new card?
Do you take SWIFT transfers?
where is card accepted
I bought an item and now I want a refund.
Do you support all countries?
My phone is not with me at the moment so I will not be able to access the app.
I took out money from the ATM and it's still showing as pending?
How often am I able to top-up?
What's a pending transaction? My card was declined at an ATM, but my account says it's still pending. Can I cancel the payment?
I tried taking money from the ATM but no money came out, but the transaction is still pending? How is this possible?
I am looking for my top-up verification code and cannot find it.
passcode retrieval
Are their fee's for top ups?
I just got married and need to change my name on the account
Do you have any age limit?
I've just moved and I need to change my details
Can you please inform me of the restrictions for the disposable cards.
Why do I need to verify a top-up?
Will my card work at all merchant locations?
What does it mean when a transfer is "pending"?
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know what it's for
My cash deposit from a week ago is still not in my account. Can you help me please?
Besides USD what other currencies can I have?
Can you tell me why the transfer isn't showing up on my account?
How do I top up? Can I use my apple watch?
Why was my top up reverted?
My money transfer has not yet occurred
Hey I thought transfers were free.  Why are you charging me?
What countries have access to this service.
How long does a transfer take from china?
I was under the impression ATM cash withdrawals were free. Why was I suddenly charged for my most recent ATM transaction?
My card was refused
I'm trying to figure out the current exchange rate.
How long will it take for my transfer to arrive?
I happened to forget my passcode
Are SWIFT transfers accepted?
How come I can't seem to verify my id?
Do you know which businesses will accept my card?
How's the exchange rate looking right now?
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really make myself. What's going on with this, maybe someone has access to my card?!
I think I was double charged
Is there a fee for sending out more cards?
I did a payment but the app cancelled it.
The app shows Direct Debit payments that I didn't make
I need a new card and I live in the United States.
Is there an allowance on cards?
Can I have my card delivered on a specific day?
Why are the things I bought earlier today still showing as pending?
Can I exchange currency to Europe?
Please delete this account.
Where do I go to activate my card?
I am tired of getting charged fees, and I have no idea why, please let me know what/when you charge fees for.
I added funds to my account but the app didn't process it.
What is the length of time for one of these items to come to the U.S?
My preference is Mastercard.
I want to close my account. The service you provide is unsatisfactory to me.
I just checked my account on the App and there is a payment on there that I did not make.
Does it cost anyting to get my own card?
My account shows the card payment cancelled.
How do I see the source of my money?
Can you explain why I was charged extra when I used the card?
I made a cash withdrawal but the pending status is taking forever.
Tell me how a top up would be reverted.
There is a payment that is not mine in the App.
My transfer still says pending
If I'm getting my identity verified, what all do I need?
Why was a charged just for transferring?
There's an unauthorized cash withdraw
What is the age limit for an account?
I would like to delete my account please.
The wrong exchange rate was used when I purchased an item.
I might need a new card because it's not working at any of the ATMs. I don't think ive used all my money. Why is it doing this?
How do I troubleshoot my contactless?
I paid with my card and ended up being charged a fee.
How long does it take for a money transfer to show?
My address details have changed and I want to update them
I'd lke my card reactivated, I was thinking it was misplaced but I discovered when I woke up that I had left it in my coat.
I attempted to withdraw some money from an ATM this morning and received the wrong amount. Your app says I have enough money available in the account. Can someone tell me what's wrong?
If I make a top-up are there charges applied?
How do I modify my account details?
Why is there a verification to identity
Can i receive transfers from my employer this way?
Does it cost anything to buy something from another country? Like is there going to be hidden transfer fees or currency conversion fees?
Why was my top-up unsuccessful?
I just completed a bank transfer and the balance didn't update
Why do you need to check my identity?
I will be traveling and want money to be added automatically in certain intervals. Is this possible?
the exchange rate at which my card payment is at is wrong
Why is the transaction to my friend still pending?
How did you arrive at the rate of exchange? I thought that I would get more cash.
When I exchanged currencies the value of my money changed.
A payment in my account was made by someone I don't know
How long does it take for funds to come through the US to my account?
Cash withdrawal has been pending, why is it so?
Are there limits with top-up?
Help! Someone stole my card!
I have the funds, why can I not use my top-up?
When will my transfer be in my account?
My card must have used my card as there are some transactions that I haven't done myself..
I need help because I drunken blocked my card?
I don't know where the top-up verification code is.
I need to change my name, since i just got married
Is there an auto top up option?
Do I need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
When I withdrew my money, why was there an extra charge?
I did a bank transfer and my balance isn't current.
My top-up hasn't gone through, what happened?
I'm tired of all the problems I've had. I want to quit this account!
I want to use a European bank card for a top up. Must I pay?
I would like to refill my account using SWIFT.
How can I fix my bank transfer to show up on my bank account?
I tried paying with my disposable virtual card earlier but it was rejected. What can I do to fix this?
Is the system down? I've been trying to do a transfer and have failed?
Why do you need code verification for my top up?
The app has rejected my top up.
I don't know what this Direct Debit payment is.
can google pay be used to make a top-up
How can I get my money back on an order. I haven't gotten the item yet, so I want to cancel the order. How?
Why would I get a decline message in a transfer?
What type of card can I get?
Cancel Transaction
I'm not sure why my payment has been declined? Please tell me why, I thought it was all good.
I wish to remove my account.
I want to get a virtual card!
What's the problem? I thought you offered crypto top up. This doesn't appear to be working at all. My money has now vanished from my account.
Cancel my transfer, please.
Where do I go to add a new card?
Can I transfer my salary if its in GBP?
Is there a local ATM that will provide British pounds, I have no money for my homeward journey and do not feel comfortable waiting until  I arrive in Britain. Will a withdrawal involve extra charges?
Tell me how to verify a top up.
What's the youngest I can be to open an account?
Do you have a list of the cards and currencies supported?
I need to change my name since I got married
How can I get a Visa and Mastercard?
Hae there, I have a transaction that is in progress despite the fact that the ATM was not working, what do I do to avoid being charged?
Do you have any top-up limits?
I bought something that I need a refund for.
what are limits to top up
Do international transfers take longer?? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago but it's still not there yet...
What is this withdrawal as I do not remember making it.
So, I am in the middle of purchasing a flat. I need the money for the first mortgage payment and it is not going through. I keep receiving an error. Can you find out what's going on and help me complete this transfer?
How does the exchange rate work on this app?
I know I didn't make this payment showing up on my card, I don't remember this person at all.
I have a payment listed as cancelled.
If I exchange currencies frequently, is there a discount?
I need a new PIN number.
Last Saturday, I made a payment and the exchange rate was wrong.  I was charged too much.
How do I use my new card?
Why do you need so much information to verify my identity?
You charged me more than once for the same transaction!
Hi, Today i have withdrawn cash from ATM but i got wrong amount and in the app it is showing much more amount than that.
Can you give me a visa?
How long does a card delivery take?
I didn't withdraw the amount of cash that is showing up in the app.
How can I get my card out of the ATM?
Can someone please tell me how much I can top-up?
What is the reason my top-up is still pending?
Why am I unable verify my id?
Do you have an auto top-up option?
I went to the store and tried to make a purchase.  The first time, it was declined, but the second one went through.  But my App shows me that I've already been charged once and the second charge is still pending.  Can you make sure that I'm not charged twice?
How long does it take for pending to go through
I have a transfer that is pending.
What is the exchange looking like?
I sent payment with EU transfer and they still haven't received it. How long does it take?
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiary
let me know how many disposable cards I can have?
Can I have a tangible form of my virtual card.
Errors keep showing up every time I try to make this transfer and I am on a time crunch,  could you please help.
How does a US resident go about acquiring a new card?
Why are you charging fees on cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after buying groceries. There's a fee that wasn't there before.
Can I add money to my account with cash?
I made a deposit a couple of days back it's, as of yet, not gone in! It would be ideal if you assist me with this
What is a disposable virtual card?
Why was my account deducted from a seller when I didn't approve of it?
I have a cryptocurrency exchange that won't go through. Please help me process it.
What do I do if I forgot my passcode?
My purchases from this morning still have pending payments.
Why wouldn't the ATM give me my money?
What is the system for determining the exchange rate?
Someone stole my phone, what is my next step?
Will you charge an extra fee for top ups?
I've been trying to do a transfer multiple times and have failed? Is the system down?
Can you delete my account please?
Is there a reason my payments are pending?
If I want to select a new PIN what do I do?
How can I transfer some money into a foreign account?
Need help with my card. It's not working.
I need you to delete my account now.
How do I get my PIN unlocked?
What are the rules for transferring to a beneficiary?
I don't see my refund money yet in my account. I asked the merchant a while ago for a refund, so I don't know what's taking so long.  Can you look into it and see if the money is there, just not in my account yet?
I deposited cash into my account a week ago and it is still not available, please tell me why? I need the cash back now.
I'm not able to activate my card how do I fix this problem?
How do I troubleshoot Google pay top up?
How do I go about verifying my identity?
In a recent withdrawal I received less cash than I expected to receive.  Did someone make an error with the exchange rate?
Can you look into why my most recent top-up is showing as pending? I thought it was supposed to be instantaneous.
What is the limit to a top-up?
How do I get my salary through this account?
I need to know what flat currencies you support for holding and exchange.
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
Is there a charge for getting my money?
Is there a reason my top up hasn't gone through
Help!  In the app there is a direct debit that I don't remember.
My top up isnt working
Is it possible for me to get money out in a different currency?
Do I get charged if I top up with my European bank card?
I will need a new card because mine is almost expired.  How fast do I get a replacement and what is the cost?
How many different cards can I have for my account?
Do you need my birthdate?
i didnt do this charge
There must be an issue, why has my card been cancelled?
I was at an ATM and it swallowed my card.
The app declined my top up. What did I do wrong?
What kind of cards an currency do you support?
Changed details is essential, what steps do I take to do so?
Can I order another card?
I think the atm ate my card.
Why was I charged for payments? You didn't warn me about additional fees.
What's up with the fee for getting cash?
What proof of identification is needed?
I topped up my account but the app failed to process it.
I transferred money from the US, How long does it take?
Where is my transfer from [country]?
I want to use a payment card to top up my account. How can I do this?
Which ATMs accept this placard ?
What do I do to exchange currency?
If you are waiting for verification, it can take 10 minutes to 60 minutes to get results.You will hear from us once we have it.  Please make sure your images are clear and photos of documents are readable. you have to be at least 18 years old and live withing the Economic Area of Europe or in Switzerland in order to open an account.
I was charged a fee when buying stuff with my card.
What is the age requirement?
I was needing you to see if the exchange rate is correct from when i got cash
Can you please explain how bank transfers work?
Is there a fee to top up by bank transfers?
I need to add money to my account. Can I do so via bank transfer?
There is a transfer not showing on my account.
Is there a way to revert a transaction?
Is there a limit on how much I can withdraw from my account without being charged?
How would I go about getting a physical card to use in stores?
Is there a way to make my old card usable with the app?
The app doesn't think that I am myself
I prefer to get a Mastercard.
Where am I able to get my PIN unblocked?
I want to change the wrong exchange rate.
For some reason my card payment hasn't worked. what can I do to look into that?
how long and how much does it cost for new card
I have made a recent check and cash deposit that isn't reflected in my balance.
My transfer was declined. Why did this happen?
I think my phone was stolen. What can I do?
My American express works with my apple pay, why is top up not working?
Where do you deliver cards to?
Do top-ups have a limit?
I Submitted a cheque couple of days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.What could be the possible issue?
Why isn't my refund shown on my statement?
Hi. Please can you help me fix a double charge on my card? I'm looking at my transactions and this restaurant I went to earlier in the week has charged me twice! Please remove the additional charge for me.
The right amount of cash was not sent to me.
The ATM gave me less cash than requested
How do I receive my physical card
Can I have it delivered on a specific date?
Can I unblock my PIN in the app?
Why did I not get all the cash I asked for?
There is a direct debit payment that I did not make.
I am yet to receive the money in my account how long will this take?
I relocated and need to change my personal details.
I needed to send my friends some money urgently.  I tried multiple times to transfer the money this morning, but the transfer keeps failing.  Can you tell me why the transfer is getting rejected?
my card payment has been declined, do you know why?
Could you please recommend what I should do if my card keeps getting declined?  I planned to top-up today but I am unable to get it to work.  I need a fast solution to this problem.
am i able to receive my salary this way?
My card is about to expire.  How do I order another?
still waiting on that card
My account isn't showing a transfer I made.
Where do I order a card?
During the last month I used this account to make payments for my place abroad. I noticed the fees have increased and I wonder why. Shouldn't frequent users have less fees as incentive to keep using instead of increasing them out of nowhere?
I get paid in GBP. Should I configure this and if so, where?
Are all European currencies available for holding and exchange?
Can I top up using my cheque?
Im not sure why Im being charged an extra fee just for purchasing an item from another country? I paid for the item and the shipping why am I getting charged extra?
The cash I deposited using the ATM is still pending
Is there a reason why my account isn't updating because I used a check to  balance my account?
I deposited a cheque but the cash hasn't arrived yet
Can I use my apple watch to top-up?
I am chatting about an order from a long while back.  I never got it to this day and am deeply upset by this!  I want all of my money back!  I just can not accept paying for something I never got.
I deposited a cheque but I don't see the funds in my account.
My card wont work at an ATM
I haven't received my card.
Please help! I was looking at my account and saw a transaction with a seller I don't remember. Is it possible for you to track the sale, because I really don't think I made a payment to them.
I wondered if multiple currencies is okay?
How do I dispute a direct debit on my account?
Why can't a beneficiary receive a money transfer from me?
How do I perform identity checks?
What is the process for using my credit card to transfer money?
Is it normal to have to wait over a week for my new card?
How is the top-up card verified?
I've forgotten my passcode. Can I reset?
My top up is giving me problems. What is wrong with it?
Why isn't my balance updating?  I did a bank transfer and it isn't current.
what is this fee for transfering
Why do I have to verify the top-up?
Is the 1 pound charge I can see an error or an incorrect entry?
I believe my card payment were reverted
what is the most money i can top up?
The funds I transferred are not in my account
I am having problems transferring to a beneficiary.
what is this extra charge for a withdrawal?
I tried using my ATM card at your Notting Hill location today.  It did not work.  Am I doing something wrong?
Can I verify a top-up and what card is used?
Top-up is not working
I need to cancel a payment. Something i purchased a while ago still has not arrived and i'm not going to pay them if they won't send me what I purchased.
Card activation steps
How do I return something for a full refund?
What are the steps for  making a transfer for topping up?
Can I schedule future top ups?
What is the wait time for delivery to the US?
Help, the ATM didn't give me all the money I requested
Lost password
I need to transfer money into my account, and I don't know how to do that.
It appears my top-up is still pending.
What are my remedies if I think I was charged twice for the same expense?
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
I want to get a disposable virtual card.
This morning, I tried to send money to my friends several times but each time the transfer fails.  Why does it keep failing?  The transfer gets rejected but I do not know what is causing it to be rejected.
Where do I link the new card?
Will declined funds I tried to withdraw be returned to me?
Is there a reason I was charged a fee for using my card as payment? I've never had an extra fee before.
I think my card payment has been stopped
I need to top up, but I have to use an international card.  Is there a cost for that?
Seems like the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday was wrong. I was charged extra.
Where is my last money transaction
There is a suspicious direct debit payment.
Can I get a mastercard?
My account balance doesn't reflect an update I made by cheque yesterday. Is something wrong or is the system slow?
I made a payment but it was returned.
Is there a way to tell where the money came from?
will i be able to open an account for my daughter
What do you charge to top up US cards?
Your system is broken. My transfers keep failing, 5 times now.
What are the limits to using disposable virtual cards?
I want to get a Visa
please delete my account, your services are not up to par.
My card would not work at a shop.
cash deposit to my account has shown a red flag.
my phone is gone
How do I change the details in my account?
I may need to dispute a Direct Debit payment.
Where to check top ups pending?
I'd like to make some changes to my personal information.
After putting in the wrong PIN too many times, I was blocked. Can you assist me in changing it?
Can I make many disposable cards per day?
Why is checking my identity important?
How do I reset the passcode?
I am a new customer, and I happened to look at my app and there is a charge I am not familiar with.  Could you tell me why the extra charge is there?
What are the age requirements for opening an account?
What ATM locations are near me?
$1 extra has been charged on my statement, why is that?
Are there charges for receiving a SEPA transfer?
What currencies or cards do you support for topping up?
A transfer to an account was not allowed
How many disposable  cards are available per account?
I'm still expecting the transaction to be finished
How do I get a PIN?
Do you charge extra for topping up with a debit or credit card?
What documentation is needed for the identity check?
I tried to access money earlier but the machine seems not to be working. After looking, the transaction actually shows to still being process. Can you find out what is going on here? I don't want to be charged for some money I never got.
My statement contained a one pound extra fee
My top-up has been reverted and I would like to know why.
Why am I unable to verify my id?
I can not find my phone or it has been stolen.
Why was I charged a fee for my card payment?
I have tried 5 times at this point to complete a transfer that's simply standard. What appears to be the problem? Is your system messed up?
I am still waiting for a money transfer to process.
I want to shut down my account as soon as possible.
Is a new debit card free?
where is my unknown payment from?
Hi, I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can you cancel it as soon as possible?
looking back on my transactions from a couple of months ago I have noticed a charge that is fairly large that I'm certain was not completed by me. I know it has been a while but can I please dispute this charge?
If I transfer money from my bank to top-up my account will I be charged?
Everything I have was stolen yesterday making it so I don't have access to the app, what should I do?
I was charge a fee for my transfer, why?
I don't think my card payment exchange rate is correct.
I don't want the transaction to go through now
Can you tell me how do I get a card?
After transfering some money my balance hasn't changed.
Is there a verification code for top-ups?
I have two of the same charges on my account!
What is this fee for transferring money?
My card was lost on vacation, I don't know where it is. Can you help me take care of this immediately?
I cannot use my disposable virtual card.
What's the exchange fee?
Will you guys charge me for topping up by transfer?
Tell me what the steps for the identity checks are
I need help changing my last name on my account.
What's the process for topping up my card?
This company sucks! Can you terminate my account?
Is it possible to delete the account?
My balance is not what I thought it was following an ATM withdrawal
The attempted transfer failed.
I had an unexpected fee
I don't want to buy this car anymore, can I cancel the transaction and get a quick refund back?
Can I withdraw money from another bank and transfer it into my empty account?
I thought I left my card at a restaurant, but they claim not to have it and now I don't have any idea where it is. I'm so worried that someone might be using it fraudulently. Is there any way to look into this?
I tried activating my card and it didn't work
Can I set up to my account to automatically top up?
How do I activate my new card
How do I get my money back for a duplicated charge?
As my kids get older are they able to get set up with their own accounts?
Can I use my card wherever I want?
If I was travelling abroad, would I be able to hold currencies in euros?
Do you have any options to top up with a cheque on my account?
What do I have to do to prove my identity?
Can I have it be delivered at a certain time?
Do I need to verify my top-up?
How do I use the app to exchange currencies?
Hi, I sent my landlord my rent money a few days ago and while everything seems good on my end he says that he never got the money. I double checked the account number and it's correct. Can you help me figure this out?
I had a card payment that was declined.  Why?
I had to pay a fee when buying items with my card.
What are the steps I follow to transfer money into my account?
I've been waiting for a pending transfer to go through for a while now, and don't see any reason why I've been waiting this long.  I know that I have the correct account details, so that isn't the problem.
do i need to wait to get my card before getting a pin
How long will it take to receive my money from my transfer transaction?
The wrong account was used during a transaction.
Which merchants accept this card?
How many cards am I allowed?
How long does it actually take my card payment to make it to the account? I've made a payment a couple of days ago but it hasn't moved since.
The cash deposit I made this morning has not been credited to my account
What is the tracking number for my card that was mailed?
I did a topup successfully but its not showing in balance. I think there is some problem in system.
Why are fees charged on cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. There's a fee that wasn't there before.
Can I use this app for any currency?
Why is there a direct debit payment on my statement that I didn't do?
How can we correct a mistake on an ATM transaction?  The app shows what I should have gotten.
My card will expire soon, When do I need to order a new one?
What do I have to do to get a Visa card?
I just got my new card and tried using it and it was declined?
How long will it take the money to appear in my account?
I need to change my data.
I didn't get the correct amount of money from the ATM machine
How do I go forth on transferring a sum of money from one account to another?
I was expecting my new card by now.
A cash withdrawal has been done that I didn't do.
What do I do to lock my phone after losing it so my account isn't accessed
I've made a horrible mistake!  I transferred money to the wrong account by accident!  I entered one of the digits wrong.  I need this cancelled immediately please.
I did not receive the right amount of cash.
I added money but my top-up wasn't processed by the app.
what are the reasons why you would not be able to process a payment
Why do you require all my identity details?
How many disposable cards can I have?
What are the fees to get a physical card?
The top-up has a definite problem! I regularly use your service and haven't had a problem before, but now the top-up just shows pending. Please tell my why it continues to show pending.
how many days processing new card?
How do I change my last name?
i want to get a card but i live in the US
Is something wrong with my account, my balance didn't change after I transferred some money
There is a potentially fraudulent direct debit on my account.
what is required documents for new card process ?
What fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card. What should I do now that the bank is closed?
Will I be fined for topping up by transfer?
What do I need to do to change my PIN?
Not living in same place, need to change details
Can you tell me why I noticed a $1 charge on my statement?
I have left my card at my parents house. Can you send me a spare one please to use in the meantime?
Why is there a payment I didn't do?
I lost my card
I topped up my account and even though it was confirmed at first, the money isn't there anymore! why did this happen, and where did my money go?
I make payments for my place abroad using this account and since i use it so frequently I was wondering why did the fees increase suddenly rather than decreasing? I would think customers like me should receive incentives for using your service
When will my cheque be processed?
Do you know the reason why my card payment was declined?
Why can't I see the top up I made?
There is a pending transaction on my account for when I tried to get money from the ATM earlier and it did not work. Can you fix this?
when i travel can it top up automatically
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's going on with this, does someone has access to my card?!
What is the charge for exchanging currency?
There is a mysterious debit transaction on my statement
I couldn't transfer money to my bank, why not?
What credit cards are supported?
I need information explaining why my top-up failed to go through
my card was not in the mail again can you advise?
I have a new card. How do i top it up?
I got charged two times for a transaction
What are the top-up limits?
It's been a couple days how much longer do I have to wait for my transfer?
Do charge fees for transfers?
I added money to the card but the transaction didn't go through
where do I top up my google pay?
Could you help my figure out the exchange fee?
Can you tell me how to link one of your cards that I already have?
Is it possible to top up using a cheque?
Hi. I'm a new customer to your system and I think something isn't working right - or maybe it is. Maybe you can confirm. I tried to top up today (my first time ever) and it's been stuck at "pending" for over an hour now. Is it supposed to do this or is there something wrong in the system?
Why is my cash request and the amount I received different?
Can I top up using my apple watch?
Do you happen to do exchanges of EUR?
Can I exchange currencies with my account?
Will I be charged any fees if I want to add money with an international card?
What can I do to verify my identity?
I paid two weeks ago and just got refunded
Where is the top-up verification code sent?
Why hasn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
I received a "declined" message when doing a transfer
When will my cash withdrawal show/
I sent a payment but it isn't showing up in the app
i have tried everything to complete a transfer but can't, what should i do next
Why is there a fee on a card payment?
I would like to know where my source of funds came from.
May I have a second card?
Do you offer services that hold money in different types of currency?
How can I fund my top-up account using my bank account?
My passcode won't work.
I want a virtual card that is disposable
When can I expect the transfer to arrive in my account?
I contacted the seller for a direct refund last week but he still hasn't give me my money. What should I do?
I need to get a disposable virtual card?
Why do I have to pay extra for using my card?
I made a mistake on the last transfer I made, who must I speak with to cancel?
I did a cash deposit to my account but it doesn't show up
My card is missing.
I need my card topped up,
Would I need to pay extra for currency exchanges?
can you tell me where to find the top-up verification code?
Can I choose what card I can use
How do I know what my PIN is?
I've obtained the card, how do I enable it on the app?
Why didn't my top up work?
I needed cash from the ATM but I couldn't get it.
Who do I talk to about the ATM swallowing my card?
i think someone is using my card to withdraw money. Someone stole my wallet. What can I do? it is urgent.
Where do I find the exchange rate?
I am seeing an extra fee on my statement what is that for?
I don't recognize a charge on my statement.
What are the reasons a beneficiary would be denied?
I tried to top-up but it got denied.
What should I expect to be charged on a SEPA transfer?
I was charged twice for a restaurant, can you take the second charge off?
Why does my transaction have an added fee?
I did a money transaction and the recipient doesn't see it
Do I need to replace my card if it didn't work when I tried to pay contactless at the shop today?
How soon will I get my card?
Can I check somewhere if there will be a fee on my payment or not? Seems you are charging in some cases, what's the pattern there?
Why are you charging me fees for using my card?
I'm having trouble verifying my ID.
I want to get a Visa card
I was charged an additional amount of money for making a purchase with my card
I think my top up has been reverted
I want to top up my account by a bank transfer, but will I be charged?
How many times can I use my disposable card?
What do I do if the ATM swallowed my card?
Why do I have to give you all of my identification details?
How can I change my account details?
Is using my card free?
There is an incoming payment into my account, but it is deactivated. Will they still be processed?
I need to check status as my friend hasn't got money I sent.
Why  am I being told this  transfer will not  go thru
I need to reorder my virtual card!
What was the issue with my topping up?
how to change name on account
How do I find my PIN number?
I'm trying to activate the auto-top up function. Where is it?
Can my daughter make an account?
Hi,  Is there any problem with app? As i am facing some issues with the exchange of crypto currency. I am extremely interested in buying.
I wasn't able to withdraw money at an ATM
I am not sure where my phone is.
I am looking to get a Visa credit card, what must I do to achieve this?
My contactless stopped working today for no good reason. It's not working no matter where I try to use it. Can you please help me fix it?
I didn't mean to do the transfer, is there any way to cancel it?
What do I do if there is an electronic debit that is not correct?
Do you support fiat currencies?
How long does shipping take to get to a US destination?
Hi, there is a suspicious payment from my card. I definitely do not know who this is or who could have made this payment.
For some reason I am unable to preform a transfer to a beneficiary.
I can't seem to figure out why my transfers are getting declined.
The exchange rate you gave me for my cash withdrawal is wrong
How long until my card will get here?
I have a question about fee for cash withdraw.
What was the extra charge for using my card?
Do I get  a mastercard and visa?
It is extremely important that I cancel the transfer I made yesterday and put the money into a different account.  Is this possible?
the balance has not changed, but I have deposited some money
The cash I asked for still hasn't been received
Why did I get less cash than what I asked in the ATM?
Can I still use my account, even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
I can't find the virtual card
my identity hasn't been verified and i can't edit my details, what's next
How come I can't find my payment?
Need help to get my card to work.
I transferred some money recently and saw a fee on my account, what's that for?
I can't see my refund in my history.
top up cancellation
Help me create several temp cards every day.
What's the deal with no cryptocurrency on your app?
I a having trouble proving my identity
I don't recognize this payment on my app, I am sure I didn't spend any money there.
What is needed to prove my identity?
Please terminate my account.
I should have received a refund however it is not showing on my statement
How can I find out about an extra fee on my statement?
I am not happy with your service and request that my account be terminated!
Atm took my card
How long is my Europe transfer wait?
How do I convert currencies with the app?
I made a card payment by my card but it failed. Please let me know when the payment will get completed as its still pending.
My cash withdrawal was declined, why?
I got a new address and need to change my old one.
what is the time frame for transfers
I tried to buy something online yesterday and got a message saying declined. I tried again today and got the same message. What's the problem?
Why can't I activate my card?
How long is the wait for a US transfer?
Where can I change my personal information after I move?
My card payment was reverted.  Why?
I attempted to top up but the app denied it.
Who accepts this card?
If I started the Bank transfer from Europe, how long will the process take to complete?
What's the process to receive a second card?
Please tell me how to verify my top up card.
Where do I obtain my virtual card?
Visa and MasterCard, can I get them both?
I was trying to purchase something at the store today and my card has been declined.  Why has this happened?
what is the disposable cards limit?
do i need a pin
Can I unblock my card using the app?
I can't get my virtual card to work.
I want to take back my transaction
Do I have to go into the bank to change my PIN?
What locations can I get money from?
I keep checking my bank statements but I don't see a refund that I've requested from a seller. Can you ensure that I receive the refund from the seller?
Is it acceptable to use either Visa or Mastercard?
Does it cost to exchange currencies with this card?
One of my payments was doubled
I have been overcharged. I just changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it was too much. It seems something was wrong with my exchange.
My product hasn't arrived even though I ordered it a while ago. I want a refund!
I need to top up cash, How do I do it?
How do I get started when I get my card?
I have not seen any changes in my account balance(s) after making a transfer.
How long will it take for my transaction to be completed?
Why has my payment not transferred?
What currency can I use to add money?
I have got out the wrong amount from an ATM. Please tell me the process to get the cash back as in app its showing the amount i have been actually received.
Where are the ATMs that I can use Mastercard?
How long should I wait for top up go go through ?
How do you verify an identity?
The amount of cash I received was incorrect
Where do I pay with my debit or credit card?
Do you have the best exchange rate?
Is there a fee for transfer top-up?
Why is top up not working for my apple pay app
When I received my money, it was not in the correct amount. The exchange rate was not what it should have been.
My new card just arrived, how can I activate it?
I want to exchange USD and GBP with the app
My phone is lost.  What do I do to prevent someone from using the app?
Assist me please with card activation.
I would like a refund on one of your products that has been sold to me
I sent you a cheque a few days ago and I noticed that nothing has happened yet. Can you tell me the status of my cheque please?
I want a new card
Why am I still not able to see the money I deposited a week ago? This is urgent!!
my friend has not got the money I sent last week.
why have i not got my new card?
I used the wrong account.
The transfer keeps failing - I tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, I have no idea why
How do I close my account?
How come the money from the merchant appeared back into my account?
Am I allowed to change my PIN anywhere?
My card is expiring soon, How do I order a new card?
I don't recognise a Direct Debit payment
Looks like my top up failed.
Why was I charged a fee when making this transfer when I shouldn't have been?
How are top-ups verified?
Do I get charged if I get money?
What is the age limit?
My phone was stolen, what do I do?
What are the exchange rates you assign?
What is the charge to make a transfer
Is my salary eligible for this?
Would I be charged for exchanging currencies?
i need my card quick
I went to do a transfer and it was declined.
Am I able to stop a transfer?
My account balance has not updated since I deposited a cheque recently.
After my checque or cash deposit, my balance didn't update.
Is a physical card also available
I was contacted by a seller with a message that they never received my money. I am 100% sure it was taken from my account so I definitely need this sorted out soon.
I transferred some money a couple days ago but haven't received it yet. How long should I expect to wait?
My top-up was reverted, why did this happen?
What am I going to need in order to verify my identity?
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal is pending?
I don't live in the UK. Can I still get a card?
I believe that the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawl is incorrect.
I went to use my new card today and the card was repeatedly declined. I would really like to use this card and need to know what to do about it.
Why did the transfer fail when I attempted to do it earlier?
Was there a number to track that I could get?
Does the card you sent have a way to track to it?
Why did I get declined when trying to get cash?
Will the system automatically top up itself?
Hello. I have a transaction in my account listed as pending. I tried to use an ATM at the city centre, but the machine declined my card, and I did not receive the money. Why is the transaction still pending if I did not receive the money.
My transfer failed.  Help!
I can't find my PIN anywhere.
How long does an item I bought show as pending?
Why can't I transfer to a beneficiary?
Will a cheque suffice?
I'm currently not in possession of my phone, is it still possible to go about things normally without access to the app?
Will I be able to get a disposable virtual card as well?
I need a list of currencies you accept for exchange.
I've been using my account while abroad for a while but only recently I've been charged a fee. Why am I only being charged a fee now.
I am wanting to refill my card, is there a charge?
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on something I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Please it's urgent.
Why is my payment pending?
Can you check if my money has reached my account since it is not showing up yet?
There is a fraudulent charge on my statement.
How much is the charge to top up via credit card?
Can you explain your refund policy, please?
I need to deposit my virtual card, how do i do that.
I have a question regarding the PIN of the card?
I cannot view the refunded amount in my account.
Will I always be charged a fee for using my card?
How long is it going to take for my funds to show in my account?
Do you know why my card payment has been declined?
How do I order a replacement for stolen card?
I did not get my card yet, is it lost?
Why would a transfer to an account not be allowed?
Can I get an item refunded?
I was overcharged one extra pound!
There is a fraudulent payment!
My top up was denied in the app.
Can it add money every so often automatically while I travel?
I don't recognize the direct debit payment from the app.
I need to set up an account for my daughter, how would I do that?
I am looking to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service provided by you.
Why didn't my transfer go through?
My address needs to be revised.
What exchange rate is it?
I don't find your services useful anymore, how do I delete my account?
Which fiat currencies are compatible for exchange and holding?
Why was a payment cancelled on my account?
May I reactivate my card? I previously reported it lost, but have now found it safe and sound.
The app says my transfer failed
I took out a foreign currency and the exchange rate is wrong.
How would I use a bank transfer for topping my account?
I have a card payment I didn't make
I've been waiting a while for my card, is there a way to know when it will arrive?
I moved and need to change my personal information.
What do I do with my card PIN?
My app says that I received cash from an ATM and I didn't.
Can you please make my top up go through as soon as possible. I really need the money and it has been pending for an hour already.
I need a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
Someone else charged my card!
Is there an age limit to open an account
If I need delivery on a certain day, is that something that could be accommodated?
I don't understand where this charge came from.
My top up is still pending
I only got $20 of the $100 that I attempted to withdraw.
I transferred some money but it hasn't arrived.
The atm wouldn't give out cash
Can you tell me if a credit/refund is coming from a seller? I asked for refund directly from them and am still waiting. It's been a week now and i still havn't seen my refund yet.
I can't see if the transfer I did a couple days ago is in my account yet. I double checked my info before sending, too. Can you check this?
How can I see my source of funds?
Will I receive all the money sent to my account by SEPA transfer?
My top up is not showing up in my wallet!
Am I able to order a new card and have it sent to me in China?
How long will it take to deliver to the US?
A direct debit payment that I didn't authorise shows up in my app.
When will it be delivered to the US?
Why is the check I deposited this morning not showing up?
Is my card accepted everywhere?
How long does a transfer from the UK account usually take? After completing the transfer it is not showing up. I need to know that everything I actually went okay.
What is the wait time for a transfer from the US?
I requested a refund for a large order the other day and don't think I received the funds. Can you tell me if you see them or not?
Can you let me know why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
Which fiat currencies are supported?
There is an unauthorized fee.
I was overcharged a pound.
When will the money show in my account?
Do you charge for cash withdrawals?  I want to get my hands on my own money and you appear to be charging me for the pleasure! Why is this, you'd never get this with my high street bank!
I have a pending money transfer
My money I added isn't on my card.
Tell me why my transfer was declined.
My top-up for Google Pay isn't working
When I add money to my international card do you charge a fee to do so?
I would like to get your card in EU. Is that possible?
Will you deal with SWIFT transfers?
Why am I still waiting for my refund
After purchasing an item I noticed the exchange rate was incorrect.
I have a payment in my statement that is off
Can you please tell me why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
I don't understand why my card payment is pending.  It has been pending for too long.  Why is this and when might it go through?
Can I auto top-up as much as I want?
Cash I did not get showed up in my account
Which US cards have top up charges?
I didn't make this payment and it's on my app
I would like to get an item refunded
What is taking so long with my refund?
Someone else is using my card, freeze it.
Is my credit card supported for top-ups?
The card PIN is not visible anywhere?
Can I use this card at any ATM?
For a week now, I have tried to use my card and it is still not working.
Can I get money out of any machine?
Can you unblock my blocked pin?
Help! I made a transfer in error and need to cancel it before it's complete!
Hello, I have a question concerning an unfamiliar fee that I notice on my account. I see that you guys charge for ATM withdrawal. Never notice this fee until now. Can you please explain?
how do i get a pin for my card
I'd like to get a Visa card, please.
How do I get the passcode reset?
I got a message that I cannot name X as a beneficiary.
is it possible to cancel transactions?
Cancel a transaction
Hi, I'm trying to by some crypto and the app isn't allowing it. I really want to exchange this, what am I doing wrong?
How can I change my name in my profile?
Will I get extra charges?
I am not being recognized by the app.
Is there a fee for adding funds with a credit card?
My card has been lost! help!
Could it be that I deactivated my card, its not working?
What do I do if my card gets broken?
Can I make a withdraw in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and don't have cash with me. This is cause for a bit of concern. Is it possible to withdraw here without additional fees?
In exchange for top ups will you take fees?
The ATM machine stole my card.
I would like to apply for a visa card.
How long will my top-up be pending?
Have you sent out my card yet?
Is it possible to exchange USD and GBP on the app?
There is a direct debit charge on my account that I don't recognize.
There was an extra fee when I paid with my card, why was i charged this extra fee?
I don't understand how to top up my account, can you please explain the process?
I thought I lost my card so I cancelled it, but recently I found it in my jacket and I would like to re-establish the card.
I am waiting for a payment to go through.
Is there a reason my top-up has not gone through?
I have obtained the salary in GBP, will it need to be configured?
I accidentally left my phone at the hotel so now I'm not able to use the app.
Do I have to verify the top-up?
Why has my withdrawal not posted?
Please help.  There is a payment in the app that isn't mine.
with what can I verify my identity?
I need to hold money, what currencies can I use?
I'm really upset because I made a typo during a transfer and now I've sent money to the wrong account.  I can't fix this with the app.  Please help me immediately!
I want to deactivate my account.
Is a non-electronic card available as well
Is my account accessible even though my verification of my identity has not passed yet?
Why have my top ups been canceled?
I am concerned that I am being doubled charged for several items purchased in the past week.  Please review my statement and correct.
What's going on? I was just recently charged for an ATM withdrawal. I've never seen this charge before and before it's always been free.
Can I change my PIN at any cash machines?
Is my card working? It's the first time I tried using it I tried to get money out of an ATM, but got nothing.
I want my account deleted!
It seems that the rate I got is incorrect.
Can you tell me what are disposable cards for?
Can my account be topped-up by friends of mine.
Help me with a PIN change.
My transfer is still pending and I know the account numbers are correct.  Please help.
I lost my card. Can you help me?
The date my card expires is coming up
Do you charge for sending out more cards?
Are there any ATM machines near me?
I could not get the ATM to work
I prefer using Mastercard, can I substitute?
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I don't recognize
There is a payment showing as pending and hasn't posted for a few days.  When will it post?
My transfer says pending. What does that mean?
Do I have to change my PIN at a bank?
I would like to order a disposable virtual card. How can I do this?
Someone stole my phone.
i don't see the top-up verification code anywhere
I was abroad and needed some cash, but I think the wrong exchange rate was applied to the transaction.
I paid with card and was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
My top-up didn't go through
What can I do to verify my card?
I need help right now. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number after making a typo. Please cancel the transfer now since I can't do it from the app.
What do I do if I forgot my PIN?
I just did a money transaction but its not showing they received it
Are cards issued to people living in the US?
Why did I get charged a fee for transferring money?
I just found out from the seller that my money didn't go through. I checked my account and it was deducted at first but now it's back in my account. Can you  please fix this for me quickly?
Could you tell me why my top up isn't showing in my wallet?
What do i do if the exchange rate was wrong for the item i bought overseas?
I was charged more than once for a card payment I made.
How do I link my card
What kind of fiat currency can I used for holding and exchange?
What happened to where my top-up was canceled?
I got charged twice for the same payment. Please removed the pending payment. Thank you.
I was charged too many times for one transaction.
I purchased some makeup through a site in China, and I was under the impression that when I make transfers there is no fee.  Why am I seeing this fee now?  I am not happy about this at all.
I have received my card, can you help me put it in the app?
My morning transaction needs to be canceled.
When will I get my money? It's been too long.
I need to know when a payment will actually go through. I completed a payment using my card but it is just showing as pending at this point and it has been a while ago.
I am confused why there is cash I did not accept in my account
I think my card has been compromised in some way.
I was wondering why my card was declined
Recipient has not received the money
Am I supposed to verify my identity?
I'm quite confused as to what is going on. There is some odd extra pound charge on my statement in the app that's just listed as pending and doesn't go away since a couple days.
My top up is not working
How can my new card be renewed?
I'm not sure why my account has been refunded a payment for an item I've already received about 2 weeks ago. Can you please tell me what is going on?
Where can I find information about where my money came from?
Declined, transfer not completed.
Is there a way to use this app with a disposable virtual card?
Why didn't my balance update after my cash or checque deposit?
Is there something wrong with your website? I tried topping up my account and it's been close to two hours now and it's still at "pending" for some reason. I just joined with you guys and this is the first attempt at this, so maybe I'm wrong, but shouldn't this be instant?
Is there a fee for a SEPA transfer
What are the countries you support.
The cheque I sent a few days ago has not been deposited yet, what is the hold up?
Why did my top-up not go through?
where can I change my address?
I have a duplicate payment showing up on the app. How do I stop myself being charged for the thing twice?
Why didn't the money I transferred into my account get added to my balance?
Is it possible to deposit money in GBP?
Why would my beneficiary not be allowed?
I am looking to change my adress.
i live in portugal. do you operate here?
Rates were applied wrong while using foreign currency at an ATM.
How can I look at where my available cash is coming from?
If I top up by transfer, am I going to be charged?
When will my transfer move out of pending stage?
What currency's can i exchange for?
I want to do a cash deposit to top up. How do I do this?
Why is my top-up showing as cancelled?
Can I have a supplementary card?
Can my salary be received here?
What happens when a payment is reverted?
What to do if my card has been used without my permission?
What steps can I take if someone else is using my card?
I got my new card. How do I activate it?
I normally don't use ATMs, but I was in a rush today and had to withdraw some cash. The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money and now my app is not showing the same amount as it should. What do I do?
What may be the reason that my transfer did not go through?
I'm still waiting on a payment
A Bank ATM did not give my card back. What do I do now?
I'm going on a trip soon and I needed to convert my Russian ruble to UK pounds, but when I did, your company charged me above the exchange rate. Did you mess up my transaction?
I would like to get a few more physical cards.
I want to top up by card
Please help me get a Visa card.
I have transactions that I don't recognize - I think someone is using my card.
One of my card payments looks like it's stuck but I have made the payment days ago. How long until the payment will be applied to my account?
i disagree with a charge
Do all businesses take this card?
The ATM ate my card; how do I get a new one?
My payment was cancelled
need to exchange currencies
Is there a fee for european bank cards?
Why can I not take out cash?
My top up failed.
Could you please activate my card
Hello, i just checked my statement and there seems to be a payment from my card that I have never seen before.
My Google pay top up isn't working. Help.
Is it possible to obtain both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
Why should I verify the top-up?
I really was trying to complete this exhange. I was trying to purchase some crypto but the app won't allow me to do it. Can you tell me what's going on here?
How can I tell if there will be a fee added to my payment or not?
I've already sent the money out and still have not received money in my account.
On a card payment, why is there a fee?
How do I update my details?
I'm pretty sure my top up is still pending.
Why did my payment not go through why did it cancel?
I need to move money from another bank to this account.
How do I go about cancelling a transaction?
i tried to transfer cryptocurrency into my account but was denied
I have a pending payment on my card.  Why?
Is there anyway to use a cheque to top up?
Why are there so many fees on my statement?
Can someone assist me with updating my account details with changing my last name?
A cheque deposit hasn't posted to my account, when will my balance update?
I'd prefer to use my American Express when putting funds into my account.
Can you explain why my payment was charged a fee?
I've been to several different countries, can I exchange the cash with a discount for a large transaction?
What is this extra pound charge for?
The app is showing mt withdrawals that aren't  mine.
Please tell me where I can update my details since I moved.
What happens if the ATM gives me the wrong amount of money?
I need AUD not GBP, how do I change it?
I was under the impression I can make transfers for free. I made an online purchase for something that was obroad and there's some additional strange fee. I've never seen this before and this isn't fair.
Can I use a credit card from the US to top up?
locations to withdraw money
Why did I get charged a fee when I tried to obtain cash?
My balance doesn't show my deposit.
Why am I being charged twice?
The payment on my card shows as pending.
I need to change my personal details in my account.
Hey, I got charged extra for some reason when I purchased an app. Is this a hidden fee or something? I don't think it's very cool.
I have a card payment that was declined, but why?
When I made a transfer, there was a fee.  Why?
I made a transfer and the person I transferred the money to didn't receive the right amount? Why did this happen and how do I get the rest of the money to them?
I received a returned payment that I made.
What do you charge for top ups?
When will I get my card shipped to me?
My card is gone I think it was stolen
Is there a fee when you pay with your card?
What ATM machines allow this card?
where can i have a virtual card
My PIN number was incorrect, and I can't access it.
I need a physical card.
I noticed that there was an extra charge fee on my account. Could You explain to me why?
I tried to get cash but it was declined!
Please let me know what currency I can use to top up my account?
Can I reset my PIN?
I am on vacation in Spain and think someone saw my pin when… Can I change it at a local ATM?
I see an unfamiliar Direct Debit payment.
How do I create a disposable virtual card?
How do I find the verification code for my top-up card?
How do I top up my card using your app? I'm new to this.
How do I fix a reverted top up?
Tell me how to go about activating my new card?
What do you require to verify someone's identity?
WHAT CAN I DO AFTER THE CARD MISSING
I received my card, how do I get it to show in the app?
Changing my PIN
What is this witdrawal
is my pin the same as my passcode
How can I get cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been actually charged though...
Why do we need to verify a top-up card?
Someone took my card without my permission.
Why has my top up been cancelled
I have not received a refund.
I thought crypto top up with something you offer. This is not working. The money has been deducted from my account. Can you find out what's going on?
I need to verify a payment to my new landlord. I transferred the first rent payment a few days ago. While it shows on my side, the landlord is saying he hasn't received it yet. Can you verify that it has processed?
For the identity check, do I need any kind of documentation?
If the transfer details have already but reviewed and confirmed that they are correct, what other reason would cause my transfer to be declined?
Tell me if there is a top-up limit.
Why is identity verification mandatory?
Hello. How long does it usually take to transfer money to another country? I've made sure all the information is correct, but the transfer still says that it's "pending."
Why is the payment showing as pending from things I bought this morning?
I get a "decline" message when doing a transfer
My balance doesn't include my latest transfer
What's the amount that I can top-up?
Can you convert to EUR?
Where can I order a virtual card?
what happens to the funds if a merchant refuses the payment
how long should i expect to wait when i add money
I have a transfer waiting.
I want to close my account
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that already.
I was issued a card about a week ago. why hasn't it come in yet?
When I tried to top up using my card, all of the money disappeared.
I've changed my mind on an item.  How do I get a refund?
My account is showing a double charge.
I just found a payment from a while back in my account that I didn't make.  Can I still dispute it even though it was a couple of months ago?
Why did I not get all the money that I asked for? I asked for all the cash in my my account, but I only got about half. Why is that??
Is there a fee to get an actual card?
Can you top-up a card with a cheque?
I don't know my password
Can you transfer money to your card by bank transfer?
My card expires soon, will you send me one automatically?
My package is taking too long to arrive and I don't want it anymore. Can I get a refund?
Where is this card accepted?
I can't use the app.  My phone is lost at the hotel.
Is there a fee for using a European bank card to top up?
Does the fee for exchange change?
How to I close my account?
I urgently need to top-up my card but its getting declined. Please help me in this or advise with other options if any.
Will my transfer immediately show up in my account?
Why do I have to verify my identity?
Will I be charged for receiving money?
How do i find my top-up card's verification code?
Are there fees for receiving a SEPA transfer?
Hello, I tried to top up with my card, but it didn't work. I just got it a couple days before and it works fine. What's the deal? Can you check into this?
I do not have my pin yet
My purchases from this morning are showing up as payment pending. Can you tell me why?
The currency exchange rate was wrong for a purchase I made.
how do i get into my account and edit my details
Tell me why I need top-up to be verified?
I need to get my card quickly
How do I know which countries you provide service in?
Will this app exchange currencies?
Is there a fee to order a physical card?
disposable virtual card can be ordered where?
When I got cash the exchange rate was wrong
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and was declined?
Am I permitted to have a spare card?
Please let me know how to change my PIN?
I had to pay one pound more than the set price!
Will the duplicated payment be refunded?
I made a purchase and was charged at the wrong foreign exchange rate.
How much is a cross currency exchange, and can I check to see if I have any discounts available?
What do I do if I can't get my card out of the ATM?
What should I do if I think that someone else may be using my card.
Why isn't my transfer going through? I get a message saying it's not possible. I've had no issues in the past.
There are a few transaction that I don't recognize, I think someone managed to get my card details and use it.
Will there be any charges for money received?
I think there has been a mistake with my transfer
My card payment is still pending.
Why does it matter that I prove my identity?
Hello! I recently made a purchase and I'm needing to cancel my order and process a refund as soon as possible.
What's the transfer time from Europe?
Help me.  The passcode doesn't work.
Which foreign currencies can I get transferred into my account?
Am I able to get a refund for a purchase?
The ATM keeps declining my card! I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is alright with my account??
Do you offer cards for those in other countries?
I logged in wrong and am blocked, how do I log in?
Can my salary be received and transferred to my current currency in my country?
What is the most I can top-up?
I did a money transaction and dont have a receipt
What is the first step that I should take after my card has been stolen?
What happens if my card expires?
why don't you accept american express for adding money to my account
I can not find my refund.
What card or currency can I use to pay?
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up.I requested a refund a long time ago but seems like it's not submitting my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
Says my transfer can't be completed?
My exchange rate isn't correct.
How long will it take to verify my account?
It's been a week since you issued me a card and I still didn't get it. Should I keep waiting?
Why is my transfer more expensive than I thought?
I noticed an extra charge on the purchase that I made last Saturday on my account. Can you see if I received the correct exchange rate?
There was a fee charged when I paid with my card.
How do I change my address ?
Is there a way to modify my details?
How do I shut down my account and get out of this company?
How can I change to another currency?
Is there a charge for using an European bank card for top up?
My card's expiration date is close.
Why is top up not working if I use my American express with my apple pay?
Is there a way to view the history on where my funds came from?
I noticed that there is a withdrawal in the app that is not mine.
Which currencies will you exchange?
I think I was charged twice, please help!
What are the ways for others to transfer me money?
Why would the app show a withdrawal that I did not make?
The app failed to verify my id.
Do you work in Greece?
Is there a way to know when my card will arrive?
What is the fee for topping up a US card?
Why was the exchange rate incorrect for an item I recently bought?
I was wondering about transferring money into my account and how it works.  Can you tell me about that?
How do I add my new card to the app?
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank branch?
Please help! I need a refund on a transaction on something I bought and I need the refund right away!
How long does a check take to show up in the account balance?
What went wrong with my transfer?
My card was stolen last night.
i would like to dispute a direct debit payment
Does it cost anything to get a new card? Mine's about to expire and I'd also like to know how long it takes to get the new one.
Why do I have a strange payment on my statement?
I've tried many times to make a payment, but it's not going through.  What's wrong?
Is ordering a new card from China available?
The machine only paid me a hundred when I wanted 20
Why is the transfer still pending?  Can I do something?
My source of funds need verification.
my payment was rejected, do you know why?
Transferring money in 2018 to another country shouldn't take this long. My transfer has been pending for too long. I verified my account details are correct.
Why hasn't my withdrawal shown on my statement?
If I need to cash foreign transfers, how does that work?
How do I unblock my card?
The app is showing a direct debit payment that I never made
The ATM did not allow me to withdraw
What currencies can I use to top up my account?
If I lost my phone at the hotel, can I still use the app?
Why isn't my google pay top up working?
I think I may have been charged $1 extra on my app.  Could you provide some insight as to why this may have happened?
How long does it take for cash withdrawals to hit my account?
I would like to transfer funds from one account to another.
I would like to know which fiat currencies are recognized by your organization.
Are my contactless settings correct? I tried to use it today but it wasn't working.
i need to proof my identity to you why and how?
Where can I see the refund in my account
Tell me why my card payment would be reverted.
Can I order a new card to China?
I'm going on holiday to France for 6 weeks with my family and the cat, Fluffy.  I just purchased €10,000 from a currency exchange to ensure we don't run short but there appears to be a fee.  What is this for?
what currencies can i use to add money to my account
how much is it to exchange currency
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards?
Can I choose my Visa or Mastercard?
What was I charged a fee for card payment?
Is there places where I can't withdraw money?
I still don't have my pin.
Is it free to transfer money or is there a fee?
The exchange rate on my payment doesn't look right
How do I top up by cheque?
What is the maximum transactions I can use on a disposable card?
Your ATM pin can be changed at any VISA or MasterCard ATM with PIN services. Certain countries don't support ATM pin changes.
I think someone might have a copy of my card because a 500 dollar withdrawal was made, and it wasn't me. Can you please help?
Hi, is everything in good standing with my card? I am receiving multiple "decline" messages.
I need someone to find out where my money has gone to? It has disappeared. I completed a top up earlier and seen it had went through. Since it has now disappeared I need to know what's going on.
Can I have it add money at certain time intervals when I travel?
How do I start an exchange between GBP and AUD?
My card payment wasn't declined
I hate this company! Can you delete my account?
I tried to make a top-up and it was canceled, why is that?
Is there a fee when I get cash from an ATM? Is there a limit I can take out? If there is a fee, what is it?
After depositing a cheque my balance did not change.
What should I do if I think someone is using my card.
What is my top-up limit?
I don't understand why I'm being charged for using my card.
I couldn't get money from the ATM
Can a card stop working?
how do i setup my apple pay
Why is the pending status on my cash withdrawal taking so long?
I've just made a money transfer to the wrong account, I need to stop the money from being moved as it may be going to someone I don't know.  Please can you help?
Can you provide a reason as to why my transfer did not work?
I have a strange direct debit in my statement
My virtual car is not working.
Does it cost anything to top up?
Can I have it delivered on the date I need it delivered?
What locations can a card be delivered to?
Hi, I lost my phone yesterday, what can I do to stop someone using my account on it?
Can you please explain to me why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement?
I made a payment and it was reverted and wanted to know why?
I can't get money out of the ATM. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
Can I use my American Express to add money to my account?
I need help cancelling a transaction.
Why is my top-up still pending?
Why did I get a $1 extra fee on the statement?
Did a card payment that I made get cancelled?
My account seems a bit off and getting weird charges.
Do I have to pay for a physical card?
You keep declining my transfers? It's always been working really well so far, but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined. I tried couple times already but same thing.
I found a charge on my debit that I did not make.
Is it possible for a transaction to be cancelled?
Is topping up with Apple Pay possible?
Someone is using my card to purchase flights to New York it's not me because I'm not going to New York, please can you cancel the card and refund the money?
My disposable virtual card got rejected
I made a cash deposit a few days ago and it's still not reflected in my account. Do you know what might have happened?
I don't recognize this withdrawal on my statement
what currencies do you accept?
Is it possible to access my phone from the hotel/
Do you have any restrictions to my top-up?
Why is the exchange rate terrible?  That can't be close to the actual interbank rate.
Whats the minimum age to have an account
Do yo charge a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
What if I need multiple disposable cards?
Why isn't my virtual card working?
There was an extra fee on my account when I got cash.
How are you determining your exchange rates?
I accidentally put in the wrong pin too many times and now I need to unblock it. Can you assist with this?
How long will it take for my money to be deposited?
Why do I need to verify my funds?
I want to top up using cash, where can I do that?
What currencies do you support?
I sent a cheque a few days ago and i noticed that no money has been put on my account. Can you please tell me the situation of my account?
Is there a way to track the new card you sent me?
Would I be able to get an account for my child?
How do I reset my PIN, I can't seem to use my card?
Why hasn't my transaction arrived?
How long until my transfer will be available to me
can i order cards on the app
There was a direct debit from my account and I didn't authorise it
What is the source of your exchange rates?
Where does all this money come from though?
Is their a fee for top ups?
I'm trying to use my Apple Watch to top up my google pay. Do I need a special app?
I would like a second card.
What should I do if I see an unauthorized withdrawal on my statement?
I bought something this morning and the payment is still pending
How do I replace my card before it expires next month?
There's a cash withdrawal I am certain I did not make
Can I already use my account although the identity verification has not passed yet?
I have been travelling overseas and I need to change my PIN. Can you tell me how this is done?
Can I use the system Google Pay for top-ups?
How come I got blocked for entering wrong pins?
I noticed a different charge while I was taking my money out.
unhappy with service need to delete account
The exchange rate was different when I got cash
Activating my card
i want to track the card you sent
My ATM withdrawal was cancelled
After reviewing my charges, I see I was charged a fee for a transfer I did, why?
I don't have a password.
I am inquiring about why there was an extra fee charged when I used an ATM.
What is the necessity of verifying the top up?
I bought something online and it says there was a fee to transfer money. Isn't that free?
My card's frozen, what can I do?
Does delivery to the US take long?
I have a question about ATM transactions. Can I take money out of an ATM when I'm traveling abroad? And, can I get the money in my home currancy?
I want a refund, but I haven't received the item yet. Can I cancel it and get my funds back? How do I do that.
Is there supposed to be a fee for the transfer I made?
My card payment doesn't work.
Why has my card payment been reverted?
I'd like to have extra cards. Will I have to pay for that?
I made a deposit in the ATM and it has not cleared
I made a transfer a couple hours ago but my balance has not been updated. Why is this? Shouldnt this be instant?
How does on apply fora refund on an item he ordered? I ordere an item and have not received it yet so i want to cancel it and get a refund
Is there a location where I can change my PIN?
Why can't I take $100 out
Where are the cards transported to?
I'm not verifying my identity.
I see some transactions that I don't recognize.  I think someone stole my details.
The app doesn't show the card I received.
I couldn't pay with card in a shop
How does my top-up got cancelled?
I don't see a money transfer yet
What steps are taken to transfer money into my account?
I tried to buy something online but my funds were transferred back to my account. What is happening?
Do EU transfers happen quickly? I purchased something a few days ago and the seller hasn't received my money yet.
What is the base of the exchange rates?
My transfer to another account was not allowed. Why is that?
Why does the app revert a payment?
I don't see any change in my balance.
My transfers keep on getting declined. My card was working fine up until now, however it has suddenly stopped working. Why is this?
Is there a cash withdrawal fee? Because I just got charged?
What do I do if there is a direct debit on my account that shouldn't be there?
i was charged when i used a us issued card. why and what cards are free to use to add money
What is the fastest that I can make a transfer?
I cannot get to my app, what should I do?
What proof do you need for my identification?
I would like to have a physical card to carry around and use. How can I get one?
How can I find the top-up verification code?
I've been waiting for a refund to show up and I don't see it on my statement yet.
Is there a reason my cash withdrawal was declined?
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what is happening?
I bought something in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
Where can I find your exchange rates?
My product was faulty.
How much can I top up in a day?
I was declined when I tried to get cash.
I'm running out of money, can I  auto top up?
I'd like to make a SEPA transfer to my account, but will I be charged?
Should I just wait until the post office sends a change of address form?
When will my new card be delivered?
I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my first payment for my mortgage to go through first. I keep getting an error. I'm not sure what is going on but i need help making this transfer.
Hi, I am trying to buy something online, but i think there is some issue in my card. As payment is reverted. Please help me in this as i am facing the same issue from last two weeks.
My card is due to expire soon.
Why didn't I receive the right amount of cash?
How long does it take for my id to verify?
Please help me figure out the reason for the odd withdrawal amount from my account?
My account is  new  why can I  not top up
How long do card transactions take to clear?
are transfers to a beneficiary possible
Why did my card get charged twice for a transaction?
What is the maximum for top-ups?
i received my American Express in Apple pay, is there a reason why top up is not working?
how do I get my card to show in the app?
There has been an unusual withdrawal from my account, can you help?
Do I have to use bank approved ATM's
When using a US card, what is the cost for a top up/off?
Hi! I'm a university student studying abroad and I noticed that when I was trying to cross-reference my budget for this month that there were extra fees I was not expecting. Why is that? I've had this account for years and I haven't had any trouble so far, it might not even be on your all's end since I'm still new to international travel and finance, but I wanted to double check in case a mistake was made!
What do I do to unblock my PIN?
Which credit or debit cards can I use to top up?
How much does a transfer cost?
Why did my transfer decline
What cash machines will let me change my PIN?
Why did the ATM swallow my card?
Hi, I was looking over my card receipts for the past week and I realize I had a charge put through two times for the same single restaurant visit. Can one of the charges be removed so that I can get the money back that was mistakenly taken from my account?
Can I have a friend send money directly to me?
How old does my daughter need to be to have her own account?
Why did the bank reject my transfer?
Someone stole my phone yesterday :( is there anything I need to do?
I haven't received my transfer funds yet, where are they?
Hello. Can you tell me if you use Visa or Mastercard?
Where can I get a physical card?
Why do my transfers keep failing?
I've been checking my statement to see if I've received a refund I requested from a seller a while ago has arrived. But it has not. This should have come back to me already. Can you help me figure out why it's not here and get my money back?
How can I get my physical card to work?
My payment was put back, I think.
Do I need to use a limit on top-ups?
Can you tell me why my transfer is pending still?
Can I choose when my card is delivered?
Which ATMs accept this card?
Is topping up free?
I'm not in the UK, but can I still get a card?
What if I don't want to disclose all of my identity details?
Are there restrictions to transfers to certain accounts?
I checked my statement and saw a charge of one pound, where is this charge coming from?
Approximately how long will an urgent transfer from China take?
How much does it cost for additional cards?
Where are your cards delivered to?
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with card?
What happens if a merchant doesn't accept  you payment?
Is there a discount for multiple currency exchanges?
How do I receive a refund for my item?
I think my card payment has been refunded
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I am blocked.  Help me unblock!
How long do transfers take to go though
Explain why my card payment wouldn't go through.
I made a cash withdrawal and was charged a fee incorrectly can you help with this?
What happens after my card expires?
Will I get charged for topping off my card?
I need to update my address.
How many disposable cards can I make in a day?
I was told that withdrawing cash from the ATM is free, but I'm charged a fee. Why is this?
What are the disposable cards for?
I have been charged twice on my statement.
The activation process for my card isn't working.
I didn't receive the correct amount of cash when I exchanged it overseas.
Why was there a transfer fee on my account?
I believe i was charged for making a withdrawal after i went grocery shopping. Are you guys charging for this now?
Why did you charge me extra for withdrawing money?
What all is needed to verify the top-up card?
My card did not go through in a shop
They charged me for paying with my card.
I can't remember my passcode.
Why won't the ATM let me withdraw money?
I had to pay money for paying with my card.
I am still waiting for a money transfer to show
I attempted to get money in cash but it was refused!
I recently made a transfer that I would like to cancel
My withdrawl is still pending.  Why?
I'm getting an error when trying to make a payment. I want to purchase a flat but my mortgage payment needs to go through. Can you help me?
I went to look at my top-up and it was canceled, can you tell me why this happend?
Could my daughter open an account?
top up not completed
Why do I see an extra £1 charge on my statement?
Can you point me in the right direction of where to go to roder a disposable virtual card, I can't seem to find it.
Does auto top-up have a limit?
Do top-up limits exist?
How do I know when my card will expire?
Please, activate my card
I can't get my card out of the ATM, what should I do now?
Please stop my purchase.
Is it ok for a friend to send me money?
My transfer will not go through.
I found my card in my jacket this morning, so can I reactivate it?
My cash withdrawal isnt showing on my account
How long until I see a cash withdrawal?
Why doesn't the person I sent money to see that transfer yet?
I tried to top up, but it didn't finish.
Can I pick a new PIN?
How do I get a new expiration date?
Which currencies do you handle?
How much would it cost me if I transfer?
How can I change my PIN?  Help.
Please explain how disposable virtual card work.
Over the holiday I withdrew cash from the ATM and it seems that I was severely overcharged. Had I known that I would be charged those fees, I would not have used the ATM!
is a transfer to a beneficiary allowed?
Card payment is showing as pending
Paying in card resulted in a fee
Can you please tell me why my transfer failed?
Help me find my card pin!
I was charged twice.
Why is there a charge for my transfer?
can i transfer money i the app
Where is the cash from my cheque I recently deposited?
Why is my withdrawal still pending?
If my card is trapped in the ATM, what do I do?
I think my top up did not work
I bought something and the money appeared back into my account? Why?
Cash deposit to my account but it has not appeared.
Can I track the card you sent to me?
Please help my find out why there is an odd direct debit in my records.
Would it be possible for me to get a second card?
Can you tell me why my card isn't letting me make purchases online? It's been 2 weeks I've been trying.
I am unhappy with my purchase, how do I cancel the order?
I sent a cheque  a few days ago and nothing has happened to my account yet. Can you please check on this for me?
Where is my cash deposit in my balance?
What does it mean when a cash withdrawal is pending?
What are the countries that you operate in?
Why was my cash withdrawal declined by the ATM?
I cannot get my virtual card to function.
Can you tell me where my readily available cash has come from?
Is it possible to get another card?
From what countries can I use this product?
I went to top up and it is no longer there.  Was it sent back?
My beneficiary is unable to transact
I want to top up by using a credit card, which ones do you support?
I receive my salary in GBP. Do I need to configure this somehwere?
What cards to do you support to top up.
I'm pretty sure something went wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble to UK pounds and was charged way too much!
How can I top-up my limit?
Who do I contact if there is a direct debit that I did not create.
What will happen after my card expires?
Tell me more about getting a virtual disposable card.
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount, the app shows the amount that I've been actually charged though...
What do I do if my card is not working?
My card arrived but I don't know how to get my PIN.
I just replaced my phone so do I have to make a new account?
What is the significance of verifying the top-up?
there is a transaction on my account that i didnt make
What about my children?
I got cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
I just made a transfer from France 2 days ago. It has not yet reached my bank. Is it possible it takes longer because it was an international transfer?
Can I change my currency from USD to EUR?
Hello, I have a pending transaction in my account due to an ATM machine that wasn't working. In any case if the transaction goes through, after how long can I get my money back?
Can I top up my card with other cards?
I have a pending transfer
How do I top up on my card?
I am not satisfied with your service.  Close my account.
I can't get my Google Pay Top to work. Are there any issues on your end?
How do you fix  my card payment?
Why is there a fee for getting cash?
In receiving cash, the wrong exchange rate was used for my transaction.
Is there any way for you to find my card?
Are purchases returnable for full refund?
I got a card, how do I get it in the app?
Why was I unable to finish this transfer?
My pin was blocked, how do I make it so I can use it?
Why wasn't my payment to beneficiary X approved?
My bags were stolen. I need a new card but need to cancel the stolen one.
My transaction is still showing that is pending from my cash withdrawal.
Can you please help me with this exchange?  I am trying to get crypto and the app won't let me.
For physical cards, do you charge?
Is Visa or Mastercard available?
Why can't I see my PIN?
When will I receive a transfer from europe?
I need to cancel a transaction.
Is there a maximum amount of top-ups?
Why is the exchange rate wrong when I purchase something abroad?
Why was one of my transfers declined?
Do you issue cards for someone living in the US?
I want to know about your refund policy.
Why am I not allowed to add a certain beneficiary?
top up is still pending
Can I have a discount if I exchange currency often?
What is the reason for the identity check
What all am I required to show for the identity check?
Why hasn't a transaction I did to my friend arrived yet?
Transactions on my card look really weird. I've been charged twice for a couple things this week! Please check this and return the double charged ones.
Why is my beneficiary not working?
I am wondering if International Transfers take longer. I a made a transfer from France two days ago and believed it would be here already. Please let me know when I will get it!
Could you help me reactivate my card? It was previously lost, but I found it this morning in my jacket.
Can I top-up my card using a bank transfer.
I used the wrong account number!
How can I verify my source of funds?
Is there a limit on disposable cards?
The ATM gave me less cash than I requested
I think I have an extra transfer charge.
Seems like my transfer was declined how come?
How is my PIN sent?
Can I open an account for a child?
If my phone was stolen, do I need to do anything?
I bought some things in the morning but the payment shows as pending
When can I expect my card? I live in the US.
Why am I seeing a fee for transferring money?
are SWIFT transfers an option?
Where do I pay with my card?
What steps do I need to take for the identity checking process?
The exchange rate is incorrect for my payment.
I don't have my passcode to access the app.
Transfer declined.
Can I get an account for my daughter?
Are you ripping people off with the exchange rate?  It can't be that atrocious between banks.
Are there businesses that don't accept this card?
Tried using my ATM card earlier at one of your locations for the first time.  It didn't work.  What is going on?
Is there a reason my top-up has been cancelled?
My friend still hasn't gotten a transaction I made.
Please tell me how to get a card if I reside in the US.
If I have more than one disposable card, can I make five payments on each of them?
My card will not work
how does my statement get updated so i know when a refund will reflect on my balance
Someone stopped my payment
I tried to get cash out of the ATM but it is taking too long
I tried to transfer money to a receiver and they didn't get the right amount. What is going on and who do I contact to help me?
I cant get money out of the ATM with my card.  I just put my card in the ATM but it will not allow me to take any money out.  What do I need to do to fix this?
How do I get my card into the app?
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one day while they are processed by one of our payment processors. Then, they will depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please also double-check that you have entered the correct account details. SEPA transfers can take up to two business days, and SWIFT transfers can take up to five business days.
What other methods are there to verify my identity?
I was mugged and everything taken.  What do I do to protect my account?
The first payment I attempted for my card at the store earlier did not process so I had to make a second attempt. The second time it worked. It now appears I was charged twice. After looking at the app I see a pending charge. Please remove the pending amount because it is clearly not accurate and was declined.
Cash withdrawal still pending?
Where do I find the auto top up option?
What do I need for the verification check?
I'm still waiting for my card.
What is the price for an additional card?
I was checking my account when I saw a $500 cash withdraw that I know I didn't do.  I have my card so I don't understand how this happened.  Please help me.
Will it cost extra to add money to an international card?
I need my card quickly
Why am I being charged certain fees? I noticed a fee after I withdrew some money for groceries earlier today.
What's up with verifying top-ups?
Please help me!  A payment I made had an error on the account number and I can't cancel on my side.  Can you cancel it?
Are cards available to those outside of the UK?
can i deposit a check here?
Why did it decline my payment?
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again this morning.
The app shows a withdrawal that I did not make or authorize.
How do I get the contactless feature to work for my card?
Can I top up my account with a check?
I think a fee was applied for paying with a card.
Why would a cash withdrawal be pending?
Hi i received an error message informing me about the transaction failure. I have done the money transfer before and it never failed. Please let me know what is the issue this time.
I didn't make the direct debit payment on my account.
I would like to report an issue with my product and want to get it refunded
I've been waiting for over an hour for a top up to go through.  How long is this supposed to take?  I really need this money.
I was unable to transfer to another account.
If I want to top up, can I use Apple Pay?
Why have I not received a virtual card yet?
My card was rejected at the store for some reason, can you look into this for me?
Will there be extra charges regarding to adding money into my international card?
Why hasn't my money transfer shown up yet?
How can I resolve a problem where my card won't go through at all?
Is there a charge for top-ups?
I notice a transaction a couple of weeks ago in my account, from a seller that I don't recognize. Is there a way we can trace back the information to make sure it was truly something I did?
Will I be charged for transfers?
Can you please refund my item?
The NFC payment wouldn't work on the bus today. Help?
How long is the wait for a money transfer to show up?
Will my card be a MasterCard or a Visa?
How will I know what the exchange rate is?
I think my card is lost.  What do I do?
Can I setup top ups in advance?
how is it possible to add another card to account
I think there was an error in your exchange rate.
I bought something in another country but the exchange rate is wrong
I think the exchange rate was incorrect.
I think someone may have cloned my card or something.  My card isn't lost but I just saw a charge of $500 cash withdraw.  Can you help me?
How long does a transfer from the United Kingdom take? I haven't seen it show up yet in my bank account and want to make sure I get the transfer.
The disposable cards - what are they for?
I've been waiting for something that i've ordered for months now and it still hasn't arrived. I genuinely don't know what this company is doing, but put plainly, i've had enough. Please issue a refund immediately, i would not like to waste anymore of my time on these people.
Where can I get a disposable virtual card?
When will my transfer finish pending?
I am in Austria right now. I need to change my PIN ASAP, so can I still do this from here?
My transfer to a beneficiary was rejected.
I can't see my cash deposit in my account.
can i use my mastercard to add money to my account
Can I have more disposable cards?
Can I receive my card anywhere?
I want to transfer money into my account
why hasn't my top up gone through yet
I am from X but am traveling to Y - how do I get currency for Y?
How long does it take for a transfer to post
i cant seem to activate card
Why is my card being declined when I try to do a top-up? How can this be immediately resolved?
I think someone stole money from my card
Are you able to make exchanges to EUR?
My cheque is taking a while
I made a transaction to the wrong account!
The exchange rate for me was wrong when I was abroad.
How do I change to a different currency?
I tried to pull cash from an ATM but it wouldn't let me.
Do you receive SWIFT transfers?
Do you have a list of businesses that accept this card?
Is there a way for you to find out why my account was deducted from a seller when I didn't approve of it?
I deposited a check, but haven't received the funds for it.
Verifying top-up cards necessary?
Some cash has been withdrawn but I didn't do it.
An overseas cash transfer did not work correctly
I'd like to know what the foreign exchange rate will be.
I need to make a transfer from Europe, how many days does this take?
Why is there more then one charge on my card I only paid for one not twice how can I fix this?
The bank machine didn't give my card back how do I get a new one fast?
Can I set the account to auto top-up?
What's the limit for disposable virtual cards?
Am I able to choose my card?
It's not letting me transfer money to my beneficiery.
An ATM fee was attached to my recent withdrawal.
I am still awaiting the completion of the transaction.
Do I have to pay extra if I use an international card to top up my account?
Is there any way I can get more physical cards to use with my account?
Is there a way my new card can be renewed?
I would like to know how exchange rates are calculated when transferring funds.
I need help resetting my passcode to access my app.
My statement doesn't show that a refund has processed
I recently transferred money to my account when will it show up?
Will I see the transfer in my account within the week?
Why do I have an unexpected fee on my bill?
Your service is bad.  Close my account.
Where in the app can I find my PIN?
when will my transfer clear
My app shows cash I didn't get.
Why am I being asked to verify my identity?
Is there an auto top up feature?
Can I get my friends to add money to my account?
how do I link an old card?
Do you charge for sending more cards?
I am suppose to be getting a refund from something I purchased but it hasn't showed up in my account.
When I was traveling abroad, the exchange rate was applied wrong.
How can many disposable cards can I have per day?
Will my card be accepted all over the world?
Can I get spare cards?
My card payment was reverted, why?
How do I verify my identity?
I was just needing to know why my card got declined
Are there any restrictions causing my transfer to be declined?
What is the charge for a physical card?
Can you tell me why my transfer is failing and help resolve?
As for limits are top ups included?
I was charged several times for something
Why was my transfer charged fees?
Why have I received a rebate for my payment after a week?
I tried withdrawing money in another country and the exchange rate was wrong.
How do I go through the identity checks?
How do I make my card show up in the app?
Hello, I am buying a flat and need the inital payment for the mortgage to go through. It keeps showing up as error, what is going on? Can you please help me make this transfer?
How do I order my card?
I would like to receive and use the card in Europe, is that possible?
Can you accept my other card from the U.S.?  It is the only other one I have.
My transfer has been pending for a long time now. I already double checked my account info and it is correct. Why is it taking so long in 2018 to transfer money?
Can i get money in my home currency at my ATM ?I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me .Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
Why did I have to pay extra because I paid with my card?
I could not use my card in a store.
Can I activate my card?
I would like to cancel a payment. I purchased something several days ago and i still have not received it.
How long does it take for money to reach my account?
What should I do?  I topped off but the app reversed  it.
Do you do Visa or Mastercard?
I want some extra physical cards.
Please explain why my top-up didn't go through.
My card isn't working anymore.
What do the disposable cards do?
What do I do to verify my source of funds?
I can't add any more money.
On a card top-up, where can I verify?
I don't know what's wrong, my contactless stopped working. Tried it in a few different places today and it didn't work in any of them.
I topped up my account but the money isn't there now.
When will my top up process?
How long until my friend receives my transaction?
how do you get exchange rates
How does a transfer work?
My card is stuck in an ATM machine, how do I get it back quickly?
The exchange rate used on your app is really bad. I'm considering closing my account because of it.
Why was i charged for making a withdrawal? After i went grocery shopping i withdrew some money from my account and now there is another charge.
I have a new card and I want to activate it
Why is a payment I made reverted back to my account?
What do I need to verify my identity
What countries do you do business in?
What is the amount of time transfers usually take from the UK? I had just completed a transfer and nothing seems to be showing up so I need to be sure things are alright.
I would like to pay by cheque.
When will the money reach my  account?
Do you have a tracking number for the card I was sent?
My transaction from earlier needs to be reversed.
I would like to receive a refund for something I bought.
When using my card I was charged a fee for doing so, why?
Can you tell me whats going on with my card it seems to be not working?
Can I apply for one of your cards if I live in the EU?
Why does my statement show various transaction times?
My actual card isn't functioning.
I made this payment days ago so why hasn't it gone through yet?
I made a deposit of cash and check that has not been added to my balance.
I don't think my transfer wen through. Why?
I need to bank account transfer from another account into this one, what is the easiest way that can be done, and what information do i need?
Cash has been deposited this morning but it hasn't came through.
Why has my transfer failed?
What is the delivery time to the US?
Why am I being a charged for using my card?
can i get a virtual card online
My card payment has been on pending forever. What is the problem? It should have gone through at some time by now.
Am I able to do a SWIFT transfer?
When I topped up, the app reverted my funds.
the exchange rate is wrong from something I got in another country
I'm not sure why my top up request was denied
Where can virtual cards be ordered?
Why hasn't my transfer gone through yet?
How much does top up fees cost?
Is there a way to make my money usable in another country?
What do I have to do to change my pin?
Do you have to be in the UK to get a card?
My card is due to expire
My beneficiary didn't receive my transfer
My balance was not updated after transferring money.
Why isn't my cash deposit showing up in my account?
I payed with a card and was charged an extra fee
What apps can I use to top up my account?
I keep checking to see if I've received a refund that I requested from a seller, but I'm not seeing the refund. I need you to help me get the refund.
Can apple pay handle top up exchanges?
I lost my phone. Can I disable to app?
Hi, I have been overcharged for my payment last Saturday. I guess exchange rate was wrong.
Do you charge a fee on currency exchange?
Are there any limits to how many disposable cards I can use?
how long should I expect to wait for my card to arrive?
How long does a transfer from a UK account take? I just made one and it doesn't seem to be working, wondering if everything is okay
There is a fee from a transfer that is not supposed to be here!
What is the price for a physical card?
It is still pending, I am still waiting. Your system just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
Can I use any card and currency?
I have been overcharged.
It has been a couple of hours but I do not see my balance updated, can you help?
Is there a limit to top-up amounts?
The machine didn't work earlier when I went to get money out and now my account says transaction in progress.Why?
I no longer want to transfer funds, can we cancel that transaction?
I want to transfer from accounts in order to Top up. What are the steps necessary.
There is a card payment I do not recognise.
I live in the EU - can I get a card?
Are there ways for other people to send me money?
I keep getting an error message when I'm trying to transfer funds! Why aren't you accepting that?
How do I get my card?
How can I replace an expired card?
What did you do with my money??? I just topped up, I saw the money was there, but now it's gone!! What did you do with it?
Can i deposit my salary to this account?
Do you let me choose between Visa and Mastercard?
How can I get disposable virtual cards?
Help me close my account.
Too many times I entered the incorrect PIN.  How can I get my account unblocked?
I recently got a new place while I'm staying abroad and have been using this account to manage payments, but suddenly I am seeing fees increase. Where are these additional fees coming from?
how do you determine your exchange rates because one of yours was off when i got cash
I found a transfer fee - is that correct?
what is this charge on my card?
how long will my cash withdrawal be pending for?
is there a way to change name?
my atm cash out is still pending
Where did this extra €1 fee on my statement come from?
What do I do if I have forgotten my passcode?
Why do you keep declining my payment? I tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
I need to know what charges I will incur for using a European card for top up.
Can I link my card I previously received?
Is American Express accepted?
Which fiat currencies do you support?
Can my PIN changed remotely without visiting a bank?
Can I use SWIFT transfers?
I tried withdrawing but my cash is not showing up?
There is a repeat charge for the same item
Can I use my account although the identity verification has not been accepted yet?
how do i dispute a payment I didnt make
Is there a fee to exchange foreign money?
why did i only get 20.00
My app shows some cash I didn't get.
wheres my money receipt
How can I get a real-life card of my own?
Can friends send me money?
Am I able to track the card that was just sent to me?
Does google play offer the service to Top up?
Does it cost extra to send out more than one card?
Why was there a fee for my transfer?
How do I add the card to my account?
I punched in the wrong pin too many times and I'm locked out.
Can i have the item refunded?
I need to know what foreign exchange rate I can get.
Should I be seeing a fee applied for my money transfer?
How can my friends top up my account?
How do I know if I will get my card, or if it is lost?
Can my account me accessed by a thief?  I was mugged.
How do I check my security settings to allow contactless pay?
When I got cash, the exchange rate applied was wrong.
Is it possible to get a Visa and Mastercard from you?
How do I make sure my transfer isn't goin to an unsupported merchant?
I purchased something in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong
My card is about to expire. How do I get a new one?
There is a weird payment in my statement.
I would like to dispute a payment I didnt make
What do I do if I see a cash withdrawal on my account that I don't remember making?
What can I do to make my physical card work?
Will this card work at any ATM?
I did not set up a direct debit I have
I've already topped up, but I cannot see the funds being available. What happened?
How old does one have to be to have an account with the bank?
Since my pin is blocked, would you help me unblock it?
Why do I need to verify my account?
How do I order a new card if my current one is about to expire?
I think someone is using my card without my permission!
I don't have the device I used to log onto the platform so I can't access it.
I'd like to open an account for my children. How can I do that?
is the a reason why my transfer has failed?
Why would there be a payment on my account I don't recognize?
I didn't receive the amount of cash I requested for the ATM.
What ATMs can I withdraw money from?
How can I update my personal information after moving?
I need to add more funds to my card today because it keeps being declined, and I need to use it immediately. Can you fix this or tell me alternatives?
I have been charged an extra pound!
Why is there a pending transaction on my card?
How long does a transfer take to be confirmed?
What are these fees i am paying?
Will you guys do Visa or Mastercard?
My transfer has been declined.
Where is the virtual card located?
how should i add money to my card
How do I get a visa card?
What is the fee on my card payment?
How much does it cost to make transfers?
How can I transfer money into my account?
How old do my children need to be to open an account?
What is maximum top up?
I have a strange transaction on my account which appears to pertain to a cash withdrawal I made outside Nandos in Leeds.  What is that for?  Is it fraud?
Why does top-up require verification?
I did a transfer and was charged a fee that should not have been charged!
How do I change my pin while traveling?
the bank transfer was declined
I'm just wondering when my card will get here.
It's been some time since refilled the top-up.
Why is a transfer I have still pending?
I'd like to open an account for my kids can I do that?
My recent transfer needs to be cancelled immediately; it was a mistake, please can you cancel it before it goes through?
I have a card payment which shows as pending
What is the limit on Auto top?
I think there has been a purchase made that wasn't by me.
When should I expect my card to arrive?
How do you top-up using cash?
I thought I knew my password but I guess I was wrong, what can I do now?
I am not able to see the card PIN anywhere?
I am waiting for a payment to be processed
Does it cost money to top up?
How do I delete my account?
I can't verify identity through the app.
My card payments have stopped.
Why is it important to verify a top-up card?
Which locations can I withdraw money from?
It shows that the transfer on my account wasn't allowed.
My account shows I have been charged twice for the same meal. How do I get the second payment voided and returned to me? I do not eat out much and my family is living paycheck to paycheck,  mostly. I cannot afford to spend more money than necessary, as is, so I must see to it that the cost be promptly credited back onto my card.
Where is my cash deposit?
How long do transfer pend for?
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up! I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
My recipient hasn't received the money
How can I add money to my account from another account I have?
Why has my card declined
My transaction is on the wrong account.
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal does not show up properly?
How much does currency exchange cost?
My contanctless has stopped working
Why did I get declined during a transfer?
How can I tell if my card payment is reverted?
Could you send me and up date on the arrival of my card?
I just made a top-up but it shows as pending! I use your service all the time and have never had a problem before. Why does it keep showing up as pending?
I thought I can make transfers for free, this is not fair. I bought something online from abroad and there was some weird additional fee that I've never seen before?
My PIN has been blocked, what should I do?
has my top-up has been cancelled
Can I have a mastercard?
I think that someone may be using my card, but I'm not sure,.
I need help with a lost card
What services can I use to top up?
I need a transaction reversed from my account.
How many different currencies can I have my money in?
What do I do with my "decline" message on a transfer?
Can both a Visa and Mastercard be received from you?
What countries can I travel to and have access to their currencies?
Some cash shows up on my app.
Please could you give me a refund
my phone was taken! can you place cancel my account so no one uses it
How many disposable cards is the limit?
how old do i need to be to get an account for myself
I don't think I made this charge on my debit statement.
Talk me through modifying my details.
What is the procedure for me to get more cards on my account?
Will I be able to use my card anywhere?
Why was there a fee for paying by card?
My payment's stuck on pending.
I just got my card.  It's not linked yet--how do I do that?
Why did withdrawing money cost me extra?
At which ATMs can I use this card?
Can you let me know if Visa is among the card scheme assignments?
I don't want to use this method to identify myself.
card is being used by someone else
Is there a list of ATMs that take this card?
I have tried to submit a transfer a couple of times now, and for some reason, it continues to be unsuccessful. Do you know why this may be?
Will I have to wait much longer for my new card to arrive?
How do I set-up my PIN for the new card?
Why does a payment show up twice?
The app does not believe that I am myself
Where should I look for my PIN number at?
Am I able to top up with this cheque I received?
I didn't get all the cash I asked for
What is a pending cash withdrawal?
Hello. I checked my transactions and saw I was double charged for a restaurant visit. Can I get my money back?
How come I didn't get a virtual card yet?
I need a card reactivation, I had reported my card lost but I ran across it in my jacket.
Tell me how to cancel a transfer.
When will a refund post to my account?
What is the greatest number of times that I can top-up?
There is not a refund in my statement.
The app failed to verify me.
The service here is horrible, I want to delete my account.
What currencies can be exchanged in the app?
I topped up but the app reverted it
Why is the fee for taking money out so high?  I feel I was overcharged and I would have never used this ATM if I would have known ahead of time.
I seem to be having trouble with my Google Pay Top. Can you please help?
I received my new card, how is it activated?
Is the ATM broken? I can't get cash from it.
How is top-up verified?
Supported countries
Can I have a card after my first one?
Why didn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
how soon will I see the transfer in my account?
Can you assist on apple watch top ups?
When will my top-up process?
How long does it take for a money transfer to show up?
I need my PIN
I won't be pleased unless I get a Mastercard.
What does it mean if it says that my payment is pending?
Someone might be using my card that is not me.
I'm confused. My contactless is suddenly not working anywhere that I try to use it. How do I fix it?
I received my salary in GBP. How do I change this to my currency?
I have an unknown direct debit payment on my account
I just had my card get declined at the ATM! I need to get money out but I am unable to.  Why has this happened?
someone stole my money
It says pending status for my payment. Why?
Is USD free to top up with a US card?
can you check why I wasn't able to top up?
How dp i top up with a cheque ?
There is a pending transaction on my account, what does this mean?
How do I do a successful transfer to an account?
my daughter needs a card, how do i add her?
how come the verification with the top up
Is the exchange rate current?
Why isn't my balance updating after depositing cheques and cash.
Explain why my top up would be reverted.
Can I get information on the identity checks?
Explain top-up cancellation
Is there a fee for topping up a card?
How many times can I use the disposable virtual card I have?
My order hasn't shown up yet, what can I do?
Is there a discount for frequently exchanging currencies?
Can I use your app to exchange USD for GBP?
What do I do if my smart phone was stolen?
Why has my payment been reversed?
Where can I find your locations?
Can you help me sign up for a virtual card?
When will the card arrive?
why has a transaction to a friend been delayed?
Can you tell me how to close my account?
where is the code for verifying the top up card?
how can i change my details
How can my friend send me money?
I have a disposable card, how many transactions can I make?
For some reason my contactless has stopped working. I don't know what the problem is. What can I do?
atm would not give me cash
How many different currencies can I hold money in?
Why do I have to verify the top-up that I started?
Can I change my pin at an atm?
There is a payment in my app that I did not make.  I have not used that card all day  Please reimburse my money.
I forgot my pin and am blocked now. Can I reset it somewhere?
Will you charge for a physical card?
Is this card available to Americans?
Can you send me a new card and block my current one. I'm in Spain and my wallet was stolen.
Could not complete transfer, states 'declined'
Problems with my top up
I want to cancel my account.
How do I contact customer support about a transfer?
I completed I transfer the day before yesterday in this country. The transfer still is not complete. I've checked on the account number multiple times to make sure that it is the right one. Can you check to see what's going on with this?
What is this fee debit on my account?
How does the exchange rate work?
When I topped up the app has seemed to reverted it.
After inputting the wrong pin too many times, can you now help me unblock my pin?
Please tell me about SWIFT transfers at this bank.
Can I call to get my card activated?
What kind of fee is there to top-up my account?
i put money on my card and i dont see it on the balance
I would love one of the virtual cards!
Hi there! I need to cancel an order I recently made and start processing a refund. Can you please help me with this and set up the refund as soon as possible? It's very urgent.
I have another card from the U.S. Will you be able to accept that one?
How can I dispute a direct debit transaction?
I have a cash withdrawal that says it's pending, why?
Why did they charge me an extra $1?
i live in the US can i still get a card?
Is there a way to reset my passcode?
I was the victim of someone stealing my wallet.  My card is being used and it isn't me.  What should I do?
When are you going to transfer the money?
Can I order a disposable virtual card?
There was a problem with the exchange rate on a purchase.
How can i get new card?
When can I expect to receive my new card?
Can I change my in at all ATM's?
My card doesn't seem to work anymore
Why are my transfers and purchases keep getting declined?
what are the exchange rates for foreign currency ATMs
Can you please show me where I can find the location to link my card?
Still waiting for transfer to be completed.
Why wasn't my top-up accepted and where did that money go? At first it said it was confirmed but now I can't find it.
Can I track history on funds?
Why is the exchange rate different than expected on my transaction?
what is the virtual card
I need assistance to activate the card on my account.
Can you tell me why my top up was reverted?
How can my friend pay me?
How do people send me money?
Can I exchange currencies usign this app?
How do I verify the top-up?
I payed my rent to my landlord a few days ago and he is saying the it never went though. Everything looks good to me and I even double checked the account number. I don't know what could be causing the confusion. Can you help me please?
How much longer is it going to take to get my new card?
I put some money in my account the other day but now its gone? Why is this?
Please help me, as my topup amount has been reverted, i did it correctly. I think there is some defect in system.
How long is delivery to the US?
Hold old do my kids have to be to use the service?
Can you freeze my card it was stolen
What places will accept my card?
Money is not in recipients account.
I made a terrible mistake when typing in my account number.  I accidently sent money to the wrong account.  I noticed the app won't allow me to void the transaction.  Can someone help me with this immediately?
Can I still access the app even though my phone was stolen?
Can you explain the disposable cards to me?
Transaction showing up many times.
I was charged multiple times for one transaction.
What's the pending length for credit transactions? I've had one in my pending category now for days and it won't move to processed.
I am travelling and I was wondering what your exchange rates are
Who accepts my card?
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card?
what is this charge on my account
Hi. I noticed I have a duplicate charge which I have not made twice. Who should I talk to take care of this?
A payment that I didn't make appears in my app.
Why are there fees for card usage?
lost phone, dont want others to access account
I see a charge for a direct debit that was not me.
how much for topping up by card?
What locations allow me to withdraw money?
Where can I use a disposable card?
Someone has been using my card. There are unfamiliar transactions on there. Can you freeze the card to keep this from happening?
The atm didn't give me all my cash
I am not happy with your company. Please delete my account asap.
If I need a PIN for my card, where is it located?
I sent a payment, but the person I sent it to says they don't have it
What's the procedure for getting a card?
Is the exchange rate the same on weekends as the weekdays?
I did a transfer earlier but see that it failed to go through.
What other fiat currencies can I use?
I think something went wrong with my card delivery as I haven't received it yet.
Do you have a return policy?
I'm not sure where this charge came from.
Are you able to guide me to my card's location?
How do I use the top up app with my apple watch?
A WD was just made on my account, but it was not me and I still have my card.  What to do?
What is the minimum age to open an account?
Someone stole my cards!
I tried topping up my account but it failed, can you help me?
My transfer is still pending, why?
If my card payment is cancelled, what should I do?
Why is my identity not verified?
Explain why my top up has been reverted please.
How do I use American express to top up my account?
Do I have to verify my identity?
My account statements show a debit payment that I didn't make it's from some time ago I need to know if it is disputable.
Please delete my account now.
I requested a refund from Next because the dress I purchased had three arm holes. They said they sent the refund last Wednesday which is nearly a week ago and I still don't have it.  Why not?
why wasn't a transfer to account approved
I have a disposable virtual card here, so would you tell me what to do with it?
I tried doing an in country transfer earlier this week. I thought it would be there by now but I still don't see the money. Can you check the status on my transfer?
When will money be available in my account?
How do I make my transfer go through
I noticed my card payment was cancelled, can you tell me why?
I don't see the transaction I made to a friend on my account.
What documents do I need for the identity check?
Where is my card PIN?
My wallet was stolen, along with my cards. How do I put a freeze on my cards and order a new one?
I was issued a new card a week ago but still haven't received it. How long will it be until I receive it?
Does my PIN come with my card?
I need to activate my card, how is that done?
Is there something that I can do since my phone was stolen yesterday?
Im not sure if a seller is giving me my money back! I asked them to refund my money for the item but It's been a week now and still nothing has been given back to me. Can you resolve this for me?
Can you please tell me why I was charged an extra fee on my transfer?
When I was drunk I got my card stuck in your machine because i mis-typed my PIN. What do I need to do to get it restored?
The ATM didn't give me enough money.
What is happening?  I have tried to transfer money 5x already.  Is the system down?  This shouldnt be happening as this is a basic transfer.
Do I have a limit to the number of top-ups per day?
How can I receive money from someone?
How can I top up my account with a cheque?
Are SWIFT transfers supported?
Payment I didn't do.
Which cash machines will allow me to change my PIN?
I think I got charged twice for the same thing
Card payment is still pending, why is that the case?
Are visa and mastercard accepted
Someone hacked into my cards account.
Hearing about your verification results from us may take anywhere from 10 minutes to approximately one hour.  If this verification has in fact, failed, double-check to make sure that your images are clear.  Also make sure that your document photos have no blur or glare. They need to be readable.  You must also be 18 years of age or older and be a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to open an account.
The virtual card won't work.
My new card came in.  How do I activate?
I attempted to top-up with my card this morning, but the transaction was unsuccessful. I received the card two days ago and was successful using it previously. Could you please help me?
I have a fee showing from last time I used my card.
Why are there multiple transactions showing for one purchase?
My source of funds need verified.
My cash withdrawl was declined why?
I bought an item then noticed the exchange rate was wrong.
What countries do your accounts send and receive to?
Is my currency okay to add money with?
I haven't received the cash from the check I deposited.
Is there any fees for top ups?
Is there a verification code for the top-up card?
I can not find my card pin.
Where did this 1 euro fee come from?
What do I need to do to link my new card for my account?
What should I do to get transactions off of my account if I didn't make them?  My card must have been compromised and I need to freeze it asap!
Transfer could not be completed due to being declined.
I got charged a service fee on my account. Can it be waived since I didn't know about it before?
Why am I unable to transfer money when I was able to before?
I have zero dollars in my account. Can I submit additional funds via bank transfer?
I'm interested in getting a virtual card.  How do I get one?
Is there an age limit?
Why didn't I get the amount I requested at the ATM?
I got double charged!
I bought something online a week ago and i never got it in the mail.Can I just get my money back now I don't want to keep waiting on something that isn't going to show up.
Can you tell me what the cash withdrawal is in my statement?
Can my 19 year old daughter open a savings account at the bank?
How long does a transfer to another country normally take? I check over and over again and see that my transfer is still pending. It's 2018, nothing should take this long. I have confirmed my account information, so there is no error. What is the hold up?
My card is stuck inside the ATM, what am I supposed to do?
My cash withdrawal was partly declined
I got less cash than the one I specified in the ATM
where to i get my funds from?
Can I reactivate my PIN?
what I need to verify my account
I think I am a victim of fraud.  I noticed there was a charge on my account that I didn't do because I haven't touched my card today.  Can you please reverse the charge and refund my money?
My statement shows and extra 1$ that was charged to it and I would like to know why.
Show me how to link the new card,
My card was denied at an ATM earlier today but the transaction is pending. Please cancel it as I did not receive my money.
I didn't get all the money I asked for
My card is needed soon
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this, what should be done ?
Where can I go to update my personal profile?
I think that the exchange rate for the withdrawal of my cash is not right.
I was charged a fee after using my card and I shouldn't have been.
how long does delivery take?
I have transfered to my account before but it is being declined now?
What is this extra fee while I was doing a transfer?
No transactions are being accepted, what's wrong with my card?
Is there a limit for top-ups?
How would I change my details?
When will I get my card?
How does tranferring money into my account work?
Can I open up an account for my child?
Can I get my money back on an item?
I was checking my statement and my top-up has been reverted
The exchange rate applied was incorrect when I was traveling outside the country.
I would like to delete my account now, please.
How do I validate my identity.
I can't figure out why I haven't gotten my cash, when I already put the check in the bank.
I need to find the card I received in the app.
I've been trying to make a transfer and it hasn't gone through. Now I am receiving an error message.  What is the problem?
For my account, how do I transfer money in?
What is the reason my transfer was declined?
My card appears to be broken how can I fix it?
I have received my statement but I do not see my refund, why is that?
I have made 5 attempts to make a very standard survey, yet I can't get it to work. What is the problem? Is there an issue related to your system?
My refund isn't showing up on my statement.
Are there only certain ATM machines where I can use this card?
My refund doesn't seem to be showing on my statement.
Tell me why my card payment has been declined.
How long should I expect for the card to arrive?
Are there any documents needed for the identity check?
Why didn't the ATM give me all my money
Can my account be topped up by my friends?
I Withdrew cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I received the cash already?
Why does it say my transfer failed?
When will my top up be applied?
would a visa or mastercard be more suited to me?
Help me please!  My card was stolen!
Why did my cash get charged a fee that should not be there.
I would like to know why I was charged twice for my purchase.
My cash deposit from a week ago hasn't shown up. I need the money - how quickly can you sort this out?
I can't upload my identification.
What do I need to do to verify my identity?
Where will I get my card?
There is a refund missing.
What should I do if someone else used my card?
I ordered my card and it isn't here yet. I need it ASAP. When can I expect to get it?
I don't know my password anymore.
Can you help me figure out what is going on with a debit payment that is showing up on my account I am not sure is suppose to be there.
So I just went to the ATM to get some cash.  I input that I needed 100 pounds but I only got 80.  I have the receipt  and I am in need of the extra money.  How do I go about obtaining the missing amount?
I made a transfer into my account and now I need to cancel it
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
I need to exchange foreign currency will i be charged?
How long would does it take for a seller to receive an EU transfer if I bought something from them and sent them the money immediately?
I deposited money in the form of a cheque, but my balance has not increased.
I got my card a few days ago but am unable to top up. I'm thinking about closing my account because of this. What is going on?
I tried to charge my card but it was declined. A couple days ago I was able to charge it and it was accepted. Is something wrong? Will you double check for me please?
Which ATMs accept this bill of fare ?
Why was I charged an extra fee when doing a transfer?
Do I have to go somewhere to activate my card?
I used my card to top up, but the money is not there!
What happens with the duplicate charge in my account?
Is it necessary to verify my top up?
When will my card payment be done pending?
left phone at hotel, how to access app
I recently purchased something and the seller says my money has not arrived yet. It was in EU's. How long does this take?
Why do I see extra charges for withdrawing my money?
Why can't you allow my beneficiary?
Why was there a fee with my cash withdrawal?
I am still waiting for a the cash I deposited this morning
Now that I have my card, how do I connect it to the app?
I need to modify my details.
Transfer was declined.
What do I have to do to get a Visa credit card?
I thought transfers were free of charge.  I bought something abroad and got charged a ridiculous fee. How do I get this problem fixed.
I made a transfer from France a couple days ago and don't see the transaction yet. How long does an international transfer take?
why did the app refuse to make an approved payment
There is a single payment on my card which shows as pending.
Please verify my top-up card
Once my card expires, what should I do?
My non-physical card will not work
I cannot make a transfer to another account.
What is this extra fee that I got when I used my card to pay?
Can I start an account for my kids?
How much does it cost to exchange my balance into a foreign currency?
When will I get my new card?
Show me how to activate my card
I was trying to purchase some crypto and the app won't allow me to do it. What's the deal with this? I really wanted to complete the exchange.
Why did I get charged a fee for my transfer?
What forms of ID work for verification?
Where do I find a virtual card?
What kinds of cards can I use to top up?
Why would the ATM machine fail to give me the cash withdrawal I requested?
why and how soon do I have to have proof of identity to you?
I tried to get cash in the ATM but it was not approved
I tired but an unable to activate my card.
The card I've got seems to be broken.
When will my pending payment finish?
What is the process to get a new card when your old one expires?
Why was my transfer charged a fee?
Where is my missing cheque I deposited?
Can I have a refund for one of your products?
I must make several disposable cards per day.
How long does it take to activate my card?
Why do you require so many identity details?
How long will a cash withdrawal be pending?
My cash withdrawal was not entirely complete
This transfer incurred a fee that I don't think is right.
I need to know if you will accept my credit card.
Why have I been charged a fee for card payment?
Why hasn't my card payment cleared yet?
I am not able to purchase anything online! I have been using my card on multiple sites over a period of two weeks and none of the payments have gone through. Why is this happening?
The app won't identify me.
In what way can I change my PIN and where do I need to be?
What is the top-up limit for my card?
Why have i been charged a fee for using my card?
Do I have to top up in euros if I use a card, or can I use a different currency?
Where can you deliver cards?
I noticed on my online statement that an ATM withdrawal I made early is still pending.  Is this accurate?
A transaction is repeated several times on my account.
It says that my payment is pending, what does that mean?
I used to know my password, but not anymore.
Am I going to be charged for topping up by transfer?
I tried verifying my ID, but it won't let me.
I'm checking my statements and I saw a purchase from a couple weeks ago that I don't recall at all. Not only that, but I don't even know the business that charged it. I'm not sure if I did it or not, but can we check it and see if we can trace it back to make certain?
Can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
want to know where funds come from
You can activate your card in a few seconds by going to account, hitting activate, and just following the directions.
I just pulled money out of the ATM and was charged a fee, WHy?
If my phone is missing, can I block someone from using the app?
The cash withdrawal I took seems to be off. The exchange rate is wrong.
Why did you charge me a fee when I made a transfer?
There was an extra fee when I was at the ATM.  Why?
Help, I need to top up my account. Where do I send a check?
What are all the currencies and cards supported to use this?
Please help me make a transfer. I keep receiving an error and I'm trying to make the initial mortgage payment for a flat I'm buying. What is the deal here?
How to activate Google Pay for top up?
Can I give a second card to my daughter?
I have duplicated transactions on my statement
Tell me what ATMs take this card.
Please help me to know the status of my card payment as its pending since a while.
I need you to stop the transfer I just started as soon as possible, I just realized it's not correct!
I have used all my PIN tries, what now?
What are the charges for US cards with top up.
What do I do if I believe to be a victim of credit card fraud?
I just transferred some money into my account and do not see it updated yet, can you assist?
I have to make several disposable cards per day.
Can I get a full list of instructions for identity checks?
Why is my transfer still pending?
I don't know what my passcode is, can you help?
I did a transaction to a wrong account!
I noticed my transfer was declined.
What is the proper way to activate a card?
why would a merchant refuse a payment
can i get a description of how to use a disposable virtual card
Is there a Mastercard ATM nearby?
What is taking so long with my top up?
Do I need to add my salary?
Hello, I tried to take out some money out of the ATM, but it's still showing that it's pending? I really don't want to be charged for this.
It is listed in my app that I made a payment which I did not actually make
Do you have a list of exchange rates?
What method do you use for the exchange rate?
Report stolen card
If I were to use a European bank card for a top up, will I incur a charge?
How can I top up my card with another card?
How do I tell if my top up was reverted?
How long does it take to get my card? Can I choose when to receive it?
I may need to exchange my USD for GBP, can your app do that?
How do I change my PIN abroad?
Can I give my friends access to my account so they can top it up for me?
What places can I use my card?
Does this app exchange currencies?
I want to choose a different PIN.
Help! When will the card arrive at my home?
I did not charge my account for that transaction.  That's an error.
How can I top up automatically?
details need to be modified
What's the top up limit?
I tried updating my balance by cheque yesterday but it doesn't seem to be working. Shouldn't that be faster? Please check my account something has gone wrong there.
I haven't received my virtual card.
My credit card transaction was declined for a loan payment.  Can you tell me why?
Can you please sort out your top up? I need this to go through asap because I really need the money. It's already been pending for an hour.
My card is about to expire. What do I need to do?
I think that my card has been stolen!
I look but I see no virtual card. Why is that?
Hi, I am facing issue with my card payment while shopping online as payment is getting reverted. I am struggling with this issue around two weeks. Please advise.
What do I do?  My card is broken.
When going to the ATM to take out some cash today my withdrawal was  declined.  I need to fix this problem as soon as possible. whats going on?
Does it matter which card I use
How do I add money to my card?
Can I choose whether I receive a Visa or a Mastercard card?
Why hasn't my balance increased after depositing a check?
I have a top up that didn't go through.  Why?
Hi. About two hours ago I made a transfer from my bank which is in the UK, but I don't see it yet! Would you check what's going on with it, please?
Where is the money I pushed it's on my mobile app as being withdrawn.
Why am I charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
Please check payments on my card. There is a duplicate and I only bought it once.
Will I get charged for sending out more cards?
How are exchange rates calculated at this bank?
Where Is the top up verification code found?
What do I need in regards to identification?
Do you offer SWIFT transfers?
Can I get a card if I don't reside in the UK?
Can I top up from my Apple Watch?
Can you tell me how to change my PIN?
what are the steps to activate my card?
I need to order a new card as my other one was stolen.
How can I order my card?
Why was my account assessed a fee for an ATM transaction?
Which ATMs accept this circuit board ?
I need to report a stolen card
How can I check the source of my fund?
What's the earliest time to receive my card?
My contactless payments have not been completed successfully.
Can my children have an account?
I left my phone at the hotel.
I have paid money into my account but it doesn't show.
A wrong amount of cash we sent to me.
At which locations can I order a card?
why do I have to show my ID
When will a cash withdrawal show up?
How much does it cost to do a transfer?
Will there be a cost if I exchange currency?
I have a cash withdrawal on my statement that I am unsure of.
Please tell my why I was charged a fee for using my card?
I need a refund and cancel a transaction on an item I purchased and i need it as soon as possible, please!
I want to get a refund.
What works for identity verification?
Where can I use this card?
IM still waiting for my account to update from a cash deposit?
Can cash be used in physical locations to top up?
Show me the source of my money.
When I put the wrong pin too much, I got blocked, so can you help me unblock my pin
There are strange transactions on my account.  What should I do if I think someone stole my details?
How do I go about transferring money using my credit card?
A pending charge of 1L appears on my statement.  Please explain as I have not made a purchase for that amount
how many transactions can go on a disposable card?
My cash deposit isn't in my account. What happened?
I left my card at a restaurant and now its missing.
My beneficiary is not allowed, please may I have answer as to why this is?
What is the procedure for activating this card?
How can I tell if my top-up has been cancelled?
I received a decline message on a transfer
I requested money from the ATM and it didn't give me as much as I requested.
My currencies needed to be exchanged often and I was wondering if there were any discounts available for this?
What is the longest that a payment will show pending?  There is one showing that has been sitting there a few days.
can the delivery be specific to my needs?
I did a payment with my card but seem that didn't work, it's still listed as pending since a while ago. When does this actually go through?
There is a direct debit that I didn't set up, what should I do?
Can you tell me why I wasn't able to complete my transfer?
How do I make more than one disposable card in a day?
What is the minimum age required to open an account with your service?
Am I able to look back at a transaction to see who with drawled some money from my account? I don't remember authorizing this a few weeks ago, but wanted to double check who took the money.
Where are cards delivered to?
Currency exchanges have any extra fees?
I wanted to top up my account and it doesn't look like it worked
Pending transfer?
What does it cost to receive a SEPA transfer?
I need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
When will I see the cash I deposited this morning as available?
How do I change my PIN?
How do I find the exchange rate?
Do you charge anything for topping up?
I have one of your cards already, how do I link it?
how do I ask for a physical card?
Hello, I was contacted by a seller who let me know my money didn't come through on their side. It most certainly came out of my account so I need this looked at immediately because now it has been returned to me!
Why was my PIN blocked?
I need my payment in another currency
Is the 1 pound charge going to be reimbursed on my card?
I want a refund for my purchase
how much for a physical card?
A direct debit payment I didn't do shows in my app
Can my daughter open an account?
There are funds showing in my app that I did not receive.
I bought an item at the wrong exchange rate.
What are these disposable cards meant for?
What is the fee to receive money?
What needs to be done to activate and use a card?
Where will I find my card?
why did i get declined transfer
I have checked the account information several times to be sure that it is correct, but the in country transfer I did a few days ago still has not appeared! What is the hold up?
What do I do when I get close to the expiration date of my card?
How do I dispute a debit that I didn't make?
I requested a refund from a merchant several days ago, but don't see anything showing up in my account yet.  Can you check on your end to see if the money has reached you guys?
The exchange rate I was charged for a purchase was not right.
If I need GBP instead of AUD what do I do?
I require verification of my source of funds.
My card won't work right now.
How can I fix a problem where contactless isn't working?
Hey, I need some help figuring out way my transfer is not complete yet. My Landlord hasn't got the money yet.She should have received it by now.
My card is not able to be activated how do I get it to work?
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but I wasn't able to get it to work. Is my card with issue? It's the first time I tried using it.
Someone has a copy of my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Help me.
Can you check about unauthorized use of my card, I think someone is using mine without my knowledge?
How do I know where the funds come from?
There is a Direct Debit that I don't recognize.
How long does transfers take?
What's the deal with verifying the top-up?
Are cards available in the EU?
Can you please explain why my transfer failed?
I bough an item and the exchange rate was incorrect.
Someone has my card number, freeze my account.
I got a notice from my app that I withdrew cash but I don't remember doing so. How do I fix this?
Why can't I use my card?
Someone has taken my phone from my hotel room!
I had made a transfer but its still pending.
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working in my country?
I need help verifying my identity.
How do I link a new payment card?
I'm a new customer and tried topping up today for the first time. It's still pending and doesn't seem to be working. I need to get this fixed.
Can I get cash with this card anywhere?
There is an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
I am unable to access my app due to forgetting my passcode.
My phone was left at a hotel and I can't access the app.
How would I use a disposable card?
Is it possible to change my PIN?
I think that the exchange rate was wrong for the payment made last Saturday - I was charged extra.
Is my PIN located on my account somewhere?
Can I use my account before the identity verification is complete?
Why is my PIN blocked?
I don't know where a direct debit payment came from
Help me!  When I was abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
My contactless is non-functional.
I want to reverse my transaction from earlier
Two days ago I did a transfer to another account within the country.  It doesn't appear the transfer went through.  I have verified the account number several times.  Could you please check on this for me?
What's the most disposable cards I can have?
Please tell me the types of currency I can hold.
I've already tried 5 times to complete a transfer that's just standard. What's the deal? Is your system down at this time?
I might need to exchange between USD and GBP, is this possible with your app?
Could I raise a dispute for a large payment that i found out was not done by me in my couple of last statements? I am aware its delayed now. Please help me out.
How much is the limit for top-ups?
What is the maximum number of transactions I can make with one card?
How can I change my address?
are multiple currencies acceptable?
Are you able to delete my account?
My card is just not working at this time.
Why can't I use this beneficiary?
How much is the charge to top up my card?
I just got my new card but am not sure how to check its PIN.
why do you charge for transfers?
can i get a virtual card
Why does top-up need to be verified?
help my money isnt showing up
The ATM machine would not give my card back
Why does my money come from?
Why are my payments showing pending?
What is the procedure for topping up with a cheque?
how long will it take for my transfer to stop pending
What options do I have in regards to payment?
Hello, Just now i got to know withdrawal of money from of my account. As someone used my card to withdraw amount in any odd remote area. Since i have not been in that area, please freeze my card immediately.
My PIN is not working and I need assistance.
How come I got to pay to get my money from the ATM?
Why have I not yet received my virtual card?
How do I cancel a recent transfer?
Why can't I see my topup in my wallet anymore?
My payment has not been accepted.
I used my card to top up but it's saying it is still pending. What does this mean?
I was trying to use my card and it was declined, when I tried to find out what happened I found cash withdraw for $500 that I didn't do.  Can you please help figure this out?
I transferred money and it hasn't come yet
Do you guys accept cash? Because i deposited some this morning and I can't see it in my account.
Why do you keep declining my transfers?it was always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined . I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
The app reverted my recent payment
If I live outside of the UK am I still eligible for a card?
Seems like my card payment has been cancelled
My identity hasn't been verified.  Can I use my account?
The exchange rate for foreign ATM currency is wrong.
Can I convert currency with the app?
What are the fees imposed when I make a transaction?
Hello.  I ran into a problem with a transfer this morning.  I was trying to send money to some friends but when I tried to send it, the transfer failed.  I don't know what is causing the transfer to be rejected.  Please let me know what is causing the problem.  Thanks.
how long does it take to transfer money, my retailer is waiting
I already have a card and want to link it
How do I change my address?
Can I use my virtual card to complete transactions for memberships?
I would like some more physical cards, what is my limit?
One of my card payments has reverted
Why is  my  top  up for  my  new account  not  instant
How many top-ups can be approved?
A transfer I sent was received in less than the full amount I originally sent, and now I have to send additional funds to cover the full amount. What happened?
How long do I have  to wait for my transaction to be completed?
I did a cash deposit to my account, but I am not seeing it on my statement.
I was told to verify my identity, how do I do that?
Do you charge extra for duplicate cards?
When I travel, what will it cost to switch for my currency?
Is it possible for me to get a virtual card?
Apple pay is not accepting my American Express card, can you assist me with this problem?
How long should a cheque deposit take to show? My account hasn't updated and I want to make sure everything is okay.
Why am I not able to get cash from the ATM?
What do I do if I think someone has used my card without permission? I can see a few transactions I don't recognize.
Why did I have to pay a fee when I got cash?
Is my card usable anywhere?
Why can't the person I sent the money transfer to see it?
I ordered my card but it hasn't been delivered yet
Why am I getting a fee on a card payment?
Can you tell me how to get my card on the app?
I didn't make a payment that shows in my app.
What does a pending cash withdrawal mean?
Why is my card not working anymore?
What form of payments can I use for topping up?
When will my returned transaction show up on my account?
What do I do if I think my card was improperly used?
Could you inform me as to why I have been charged a higher fee for doing banking abroad.
I want a Mastercard, instead.
How can I fix this? The ATM gave me more cash than I'd asked for.
Hello! I need to order a disposable virtual card. Where can I do that at?
I want to top up by cheque
How long will it take for my transferred money to show up?
Google pay top up not working.
i need to top up by card.
May I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
what's the process for getting a disposable virtual card?
What is your shipping policies for cards?
Why is my top-up showing as reverted?
Where are you cards supported?
I haven't received my virtual card yet, do yo know why?
Will my friends be able to top up my account?
Why has my new card still not come?
Why is the cash not showing in my account for the check I deposited?
Is it possible to exchange currencies?
How to modify my details.
Is there a specific date i can have it delivered?
Hi, during online shopping payment is getting declined yesterday and today as well. Please check the issue.
There is a transaction showing in my app that I did not make as I have not used that card all day.  Please reimburse this amount to my account.
I tried to make a purchase in the store but my card was declined.
How quickly can you get me my card?
My card payment did not go through.
Do you support other currencies?
How can a payment be declined
What top up charges are there for US cards?
Can I use American express with apple pay? Why does it make my top up not work?
I lost my card and need a new one, will it cost me?
My new card keeps getting declined. I was very excited to use it for the first time today. Why is this doing this?
I wanna revert a transaction i did this morning.
Please explain the charge of 1L in error.  I have purchased nothing in this amount.
I used this account a lot during the last month to manage my payments for my new place abroad. Seems that suddenly fees have increased? Shouldn't you instead reward your frequent customers instead of putting an additional fee suddenly?!
Why do i have to verify my top-up card?
I have one of your cards, but I don't know how to link it.
I tried to top-up, why didn't it work?
What is the extra fee that showed up on my card?
My card payment is still on hold, why is it so?
What happened to the money that I deposited?
My attempted transfer keeps kicking back with an error message.  Could you please help me to resolve this?
I withdrew cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
Can I get a Visa or Mastercard?
I tried the wrong PIN too many times.
I'm worried my card might be lost in the mail? How long does it usually take to arrive?
How long do I wait for a transfer from the United States?
I think my transfer was declined, but why?
What is this €1 charge?
How do I sign up for a card if I'm in America?
Can I exchange money from abroad without additional costs?
Where can I use my card to pay?
My top-up was rejected by an app.
My address has changed.
The exchange rate was incorrect for an item I bought.
I think I see a withdraw I did not make.
My disposable virtual card is broken.
My disposable virtual card is not working when I try to use it at a point of sale transaction. What do I do now?
What is the top-up limit?
I see some fees for cash withdraw.
I did not receive all of my cash back
Someone that I had to send money to told me that they didn't receive the full amount I sent them - can you look into this?
Can I change my pin through the app?
I made a transaction, but I made it to an account I didn't mean to make it to.
Why wasn't I able to transfer to another account?
How do I get an actual card?
im not paying this transfer fee
I need to make a purchase online, where is my virtual card?
Can I used my card even if my phone has been stolen?
Why does my transfer keep generating an error message?
I can't get my card to work.
Why was a charged a fee for using the card?
Are there downsides to using a disposable virtual cards?
Can I get some help to get me card activated?
Help my activate my card.
Is there any way to know how the transaction got on my account?
How do I select a Mastercard instead of a Visa?
How come the ATM gave me less cash than what I asked for?
I think my top up is still pending?
I didn't make this direct debit transaction
How can I reset my darned PIN number?
How do I find out how or where this transaction on my account came from?
Why is my transfer appearing as "pending"?
Where is the closest ATM to me?
What is the cause of the delay in applying my card payment to my account?
Account topping up bank transfers to my account assistance please?
If I make a mistake can I cancel the transaction?
Why did the ATM cancel my transaction
can I top up an apple pay?
How young can someone be in order to open an account?
I have a pending payment in my account that I paid a while back ago and it still hasnt gone through. Why would it show pending for so long?
I would like to move money from one account to another to top off my account. Can you explain how I can do that?
I think I deserve a refunded on a certain item.
What should I do once my card expires?
What can I use to receive my salary?
My disposable virtual card wouldn't process my payment?
There was money taken out of my account, and I'm pretty sure I didn't do it.
Where do I go to order my card?
I need to cancel an incorrect transaction.
My new card has not been delivered to my home yet. What is going on?
Which cards and currencies are supported?
Fix my top up
A card payment on my account is shown as pending.
This debit is not my transcation. How do I get my money out back?
I want to add money to my international card, so are there any fees charged to do this?
A direct debit appears in the app but I didn't authorize it.
How can I find the source for my available funds and money?
I noticed that the exchange rate applied to a recent purchase I made abroad was incorrect.
Can I add money to top up my account via a bank transfer?
Why was the exchange rate different when I withdrew my cash?
What information do I need to gather in order to activate my card?
This is URGENT, I typed the wrong payment information for a payment I needed to make and have clicked send, I need to reverse the transaction immediately.
I got cash and the exchange rate should have been different than it ended up being.
How do I top up with a cheque?
I have found my lost or stolen card. Is there a way I can link the card with my account through my app again?
There is a payment that I was charged two times for.
Can you tell me how I would go about learning where my funds came from?
What should I do with my stuck ATM?
Can I choose between Mastercard and Visa?
Hi, I'm in progress of purchasing a flat and am trying to make to make a payment.  An error is appearing, and I need assistance.
Can I get another card?
my phone has been stolen by someone
My account says I have a pending transfer.
Can you give me information about verification code?
What ATMs can I use this card at?
It's been a few days since I've tried to pay a seller but the funds aren't going through. What is happening?
I was given the wrong exchange rate when getting cash
I had a problem with my card payment, can you help?
Your card pin can be changed at any Visa or MasterCard ATM with Pin services, excluding countries such as Belgium, Luxembourg, Austria, Germany, Spain, and France.
The exchange rate is bad. Are you sure this is the exchange rate?
I got a fee for an ATM withdrawal.
What should I do if my physical card isn't working?
The ATM is declining my card. I tried at two different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's anything wrong with my account?
Could you please explain why I received a message that my transfer is not possible? I've never had any problems making a transfer in the past.
Why hasn't my card been delivered?
ATM only gave me $20 instead of $100
I should not have been charged a fee for my transfer.
I made a payment but the app cancelled it.
What locations are you in?
Where can I order my virtual card?
What do I do if my Google pay top up isn't working?
Is my card valid everywhere?
Is there a reason that my transfer failed?
There's an extra fee on my statement, why is that?
My card payment was cancelled.
Can I tell what business will take this card?
Could you explain why my card payment did not work?
Can I order a virtual card?
My topping up didn't go through.
I dont see my reciept
Currently I can't get my card to work.
Has the check I deposited cleared to I can get the cash?
The app is saying I made a withdrawl but I didn't.
Please can i get a disposable virtual card as well?
Where can I get a virtual card?
If I want a friend to top off my account, can they?
Please tell me about disposable cards.
I want to transfer a sum of money from another bank account I have into this one
About this card PIN?
Someone attacked me yesterday and took my things, so I am unable to use the app.  I am in need of some help.
what do i need to have with me to activate card
I am seeing unathorized transactions in the app, on my account.
What should I do if I exceed my PIN tries?
My top-up failed, WHY?
How can I tell the source for my available funds?
My card is about to expire. What do I need to do to keep using my card?
My top-up was declined
Tell me how to delete my account.
I can't transfer any money from my account to my friend's account, it keeps rejecting it. Can you tell me why? I have enough funds in my account to transfer.
I show another charge on my card from when I used it, why?
How do you determine exchange rates?
I would like to use top-up with my Apple Pay.
what to do about stolen phone
I believe my top up is still pending
Can top ups be done from an apple watch.
I need to find out why my pending payment hasn't gone through.
My salary is in GBP. Do I need to configure this somewhere?
I just tried to top-up and now I'm getting an additional verification message, why?
Why wasn't it obvious that you charge for payments? If you put the fees in an easy to read format, this could have been avoided.
Why was I charged when taking out money?
Can I top-up my google pay?
When I went to get cash, it was declined!
How do I open an account for my children?
How can I change my password?
Tell me about the card PIN?
I'd prefer a Mastercard.
I need to cancel a transaction immediately.
Does it cost anything to do currency exchanges?
I am missing some funds from my account - I tried to transfer them using my credit card number, and it disappeared.
I was refunded the money for something I bought already.
I would appreciate it if I could get an item refunded
It is common for an international transfer to take 2 days or longer? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago and I have not seen it yet.
I can't find my card! Can you help?
My last ATM request did not go through due to a declined card. Please cancel the request on my account.
I need to change my card PIN.
Hello, I am a new customer, and just tried topping up for the first time. According to your information, the transaction should be instant - why does it still show as pending?
I bought something and now I want a refund.
I got 2 transfer fees and I thought transfers were free.
If I want to topup by card, how do I do it?
What other currencies are available to change to?
How long is US delivery?
I'm checking the app and I see a payment that's not mine.
Hi,  My money has not been credited to my account for which i have sent you cheque few days before. I am worried about the money please let me know the status.
Why do I see an extra €1 charge on my statement?
I can't access my money. Is it because somethings wrong with the top-up? I set it up correctly.
I want one of the virtual cards!
What is the process for getting an actual physical card?
Do you know why my contactless won't work?
I was not distributed all of cash that I requested
How much would I be charged for a transfer?
Is there an issue with my card payment as it has not gone through.
Am I allowed to get an account for my daughter?
Some cash I didn't get shows in my app
Can I open an account for my offspring?
Can someone help with my passcode?
My transfer is pending, why?
How many days to deliver to a US customer?
you got the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal
I seem to have been charged to much for my holiday purchases, the exchange rate is wrong.
Please cancel the transfer I just made.  I put in the wrong account number and can't seem to stop it on the app.
What is stopping my money from transferring?
Can I change from one currency to another?
I am having trouble verifying my identity.
Tell me about verifying top-up
How do I top-up automatically?
why do you verify the top up
Where are cards available to order?
I tried using my card, but it doesn't work.
How long does a transfer transaction take?
A while ago i requested a refund from a seller. I keep checking my statement but I have not been refunded yet. I'm confused why i haven't gotten my money back yet but I need your help getting it please.
Hello I made a bank account transfer from the UK. The transfer was a couple hours ago, nothing has shown up yet.  Can you check to see if everything okay. Please.
What does a disposable virtual card do?
There was an extra charge when I made a transfer.
i need to trace a deposit
How fast can you deliver?
The ATM I'm standing in front of only gave me 10 pounds rather than the 30 pounds I wanted. The app shows I took out 30 pounds also. What do I need to do to fix this?
Where is the top-up verification code?
I received my card but not my PIN.
There is a  €1 fee on my account I didn't authorize
When I look at my statement there is an extra fee, that is for what?
The correct amount of cash was not received.
How can I go about transferring money to my account?
When I made a purchase last Saturday, I was charged extra. Did I receive the right exchange rate?
Are there restrictions on new cards in China?
I have a payment that I didn't make.
The withdrawal was declined I am unsure as to why this happened?
How do I use my card to top up?
Your service is terrible,.  Delete my account,
Is a SWIFT transfer acceptable?
I had a payment reverted and would like to figure out why.
What is the expected delivery date of my card?
The ATM didn't give me the full requested amount
I think my card was stolen.
can you express my card to me?
I need a new card since my old one is about to expire.
I should not have been charged a fee for cash withdrawal.
What currencies can I hold money in?
Should I expect to be charged for topping up by transfer?
Help! I think someone has a copy of my card - I still have my card, but a five hundred pound cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize is shown on my account.
I got some cash in the ATM but its still pending
I was charged extra or a hidden fee when I purchased something from you. What's the deal? I didn't authorize that charge.
I believe my exchange rate is incorrect
Why hasn't my recipient received their money?
What happens when I money transaction doesn't show up on the receiving side?
what is the cost for exchanging currencies?
There's a weird payment showing in my app that I definitely haven't made myself, as I haven't used the card at all that day. Please cancel that and return my money.
Can this app take my salary?
I need someone to alert me as to what's going on. I had transferred an amount but the receiver is saying that the amount is somewhat less than what I sent over. I now have to make another transfer to make up the difference.
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
i haven't received my order and want a refund
I'm sure I have enough money so why didn't the store accept my card?
My phone is at the hotel.  How can I use the app?
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I don't know what the problem is.
Why can't I transfer to another account?
I have a cash withdrawal that I do not recognise.
I keep being asked to verify my identity. Is this normal?
What is the extra fee I was charged when using an ATM?
Do you accept checks?
Hi, I'm trying to transfer money from one country to another, but it's taking a long time! All the account information is right, so why is it taking so long?
Why is verifaction required for my Identity?
I put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help me unblock it?
Can you help me get Top Up to work in the Apple Pay function?
I transferred money but the recipient does not see the funds in their account?
Recently, a few weeks ago there was a transaction made on my account by some seller that I don't recognize. I am very certain that didn't happen  and will like for you to trace back to make sure.
My phone was stolen so I no longer have access to the app.
I want to do a swift transfer
What happens if I deposit a cheque accidentally?
I purchased something abroad, and the exchange rate that was applied was wrong.
If my identy verifacation hasn't gone through can I use my account?
How do I get my top-up verification code?
What do I need to do for a refund?
where is my new card?
need to know if there is a maximum i can top up
please help me with this transfer, for some reason i can't transfer to a cryptocurency account
I do not want a VISA card.
How many days does it take until funds are in my account?
Would you please tell me the status of my refund request for a large purchase I made not long ago? I contacted the merchant nearly a week ago, but haven't received it.
Is there a fee for exchanging cash?
I transferred some money but the recipient is having trouble withdrawing.
how do i change name?
Please help me get a new card, I reside in the United States.
I am so angry right now!  I went to the ATM and did not get the correct amount of money I chose to withdraw.  How could this happen?  I need my money and want to know how I can get it ASAP!
I transfered my balance a while back.  Why doesn't my account reflect this?
Is there a fee for exchanging currencies?
I would like my money back for an item I purchased
Please help me.  I am still waiting on a refund.
How do I go about activating my new card?
Can the card be mailed and used in Europe?
I purchased something while traveling, and the exchange rate applied was wrong.
How long will my transaction take?
Can I receive payments in another currency?
Fees for currency exchange
My top up may have been reverted
Where's the best place to get a disposable virtual card?
Do you have an auto-top function and how do I use it if so?
Do you also have this extra fee on your statement?
My new card needs activating.
i would like to top up with check
How do I get my card out of the ATM?
What does it mean when it says that I have a payment that is pending?
May I get a disposable virtual card as well?
How long should I wait for the card to arrive?
Why did my top-up get reverted?
I am seeing in the App a diret debit that its not mine
Will there be any fees for top ups?
How much can I top-up to my card at a time?
When will my refund come through
My identity can't be verified for some reason
Can I get a Visa card?
I want to top up my account with a cheque
Someone made a mistake on my money transfer because I was charged extra fees.
Hi, can you tell me why my transfer keeps being rejected? I've been trying to send money to my friends this morning but failed every time and I have no idea why?
I need to make my card PIN a different number
My credit card was declined for top-up. Can you see if there is enough funds in my account?
The passcode isn't working for me.
Is the top up feature available on the Apple Watch?
I was not given the amount of cash I withdrew
Is there a fee to top up a US card using a debit or credit card?
tell me why I was charged more with my card?
i received my American Express in Apple pay, why is top up not working?
Will I be charged a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
How long does it take for transfers to process?  I sent funds to a friend, and she says that she has not yet received anything.
Did you start charging for cash withdrawals? I thought it was free so far but noticed suddendly there is a fee. How much do I need to pay?
I was declined when I tried to take out cash!
My Bank is in Europe, how long will the transfer take?
Is there a reason for my top up to be cancelled?
What do I do if I lost my phone?
when will I get my refund?
Physical cards are what I need more of
phone is at a hotel, can i still use app
I topped up and now my money is not there anymore! What happened to it?
got married and need to change name
I want to close my account & I will never do business with you again.
How do I get a real card?
It's declining my transfers. Normally this works, but my card is being declined now and I've tried more than once.
There's a possibility that my card was compromised.
How can I verify my top-up card?
When will my money be in my account?
I need to move money to another beneficiary. Why is it not working?
lost my card in atm
I'm expecting a large refund from a store I returned merchandise to recently.  They say they have sent the money but I don't see it in my account, can you help.
I paid with my card and got charged an extra fee, what's up with that?
Is the closest ATM to me within 2 miles?
I tried my PIN too many times and now my card won't work!
Are there virtual cards
I was charge a fee that I wasn't told about
I was trying to top-up and my credit card was declined. Can you tell me why?
My payment was declined
How do you exchange currencies
my refund has not hit my account yet
I am missing a refund amount on my account.
I need to get an actual card so that I can use it for in person transactions. How would I do this?
how do i get a new card
app malfunctioning, does not know its me
if im not using my account should i close it or just let it sit
Please help me, there is a transaction in the incorrect account.
How long with my cash withdrawal stay pending for?
I topped up but it isn't in my account
I made a cash deposit to my account but it is not there
How is this transfer supposed to work? It's not working for me.
My transfer is failing when I try to do it.
I just got my card and cannot get it to work.
How young can I be to open my own account?
How do I edit my personal details?
what is the fee for topping up by card?
How can I open an account for my children?
Will it automatically top-up if there isn't much money left?
What options do I have when topping up a US card?
Seems like my top-up has been cancelled
My card needs to be topped up.
You applied the wrong exchange rate while I was traveling outside the country.
When will my virtual card arrive?
Why am I being charged for ATM cash withdrawals? The only reason I use it is because it's been free! Now you expect me to pay for them, and how much is that going to cost me?
Will this app allow me to exchange currencies?
Where do your cards get delivered to?
Card payment has be declined.
Why can't I withdraw cash from this ATM?
The card payment didn't work
I had a cheque deposited, but I don't see my money yet?
I want to buy cryptocurrency, but your app doesn't let me. Why?
is apple pay a top up service?
What do I do if my card is stolen?
Something is wrong with my passcode
Are there going to be fees from adding money with an international card?
Am I going to see a charge for a SEPA transfer?
Why is the ATM not allowing me to get cash?
Are there any limits on where I can use my card?
Are there any reasons that my identity wouldn't be accepted even though everything I've provided is factual?
Will there be a fee to receive a physical card?
Fix your system. I can't make transfers, I've tried like 5 times already.
I paid with my card and was charged extra
What are the disposable cards used for?
need to know places i can withdraw money
What stores will take my credit card as payment?
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that does not belong to me
I did a money transfer to my account and it is not showing there.
Can I transfer my salary onto here?
I cannot get my disposable virtual card to work
ATMs, which ones will accept this card?
I received cash from the ATM earlier, but this shows up as pending in the app.  I've got the cash already.  How can this be still pending?
I followed the instructions to transfer money using my card, but then the money disappeared and I don't know what happened.
Do I need to do something to get a new card once it expires?
i put in money for vacation and its not showing. i need that money today, how long will it take
Why can I not do a  transfer
Are there any fiat currencies that you will not work with?
Is it possible to get a disposable virtual card as well?
How long does it take for money to transfer?  I sent some to a friend and it hasn't gone through yet.
I tried pulling out money at the ATM and it gave me an incorrect amount back.
I need more physical cards than I have right now!
I was charged a fee for my transfer.
why would i be declined if i had money iin my account
Why did my my transfer get declined?
I'm looking at my statement, and my refund is not on there.
Where do you need to live to receive card
How to I transfer my funds into my account?
I requested a refund and it is missing.
When exchanging, how much are the rates?
I want to get a new card before my current one expires, how much will it cost me and how long will it take to get here.
How can I fix my card, it got declined twice.
I don't recognize a debit payment that was made and would like to find out about the payment.
The terminal I paid at wouldn't take my card. Is something wrong?
What exactly is the exchange fee?
Are you able to locate my card?
Hey a seller just contacted me that my money didn't come through. It was definitely deducted from my account, but now it appears it's back with me! Sort this out asap please.
I didn't get the right amount of  cash because of the exchange rate.
How do I exchange currency?
My identity has been stolen. I still have my physical card but there are charges I didn't make on my account. How do I cancel this card or dispute the charges?
Can I check to see where the funds came from?
What things do I need to verify my identity?
What is the youngest age for an account?
The transaction for the cash I pulled out of the ATM earlier is pending in the app, but how if I already have the cash?
How long do EU transfers actually take? I recently bought something online a few days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
Where can I find how to change my name?
Hello. I looked at my account and see that a transaction I tried to do is pending, but I did not complete that transaction. When I was at the ATM, the machine declined my card. Can you make sure that transaction does not go through because I definitely did not receive the money.
What is the time frame that transfers normally take from a UK account? I just completed a transfer and nothing shows up. I need to know if everything is alright.
Can my friend send me money?
Which credit card top-ups do you accept?
Are money transfers free?
How can I link the new card?
Hi, would you please activate my card?
How much is it to use my US debit or credit card to top up?
Can you tell me when my money transfer will go through
Why did you cancel my card payment?
Can i get money in my home currency at some ATM ? As I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
I didn't see the money I added to my card.
how to get virtual card
What is the purpose of requiring my identification?
Why doesn't my Google pay top up work?
I need to freeze my card as soon as possible. I just checked my account and saw that there have been several payments that I don't recognize over the course of a few days. Can we investigate and get my money back?
I feel like too much money was taken during my currency exchange.
How can I change my PIN without going to the bank?
Why is there a fee on my money transfer?
What is the point of an identity check?
I am unable to get cash from the ATM
When will the $1 transaction be credited to me?
I am not sure but someone else might be using my card
where can i see money source?
How can I prove I am me?
My top-up has failed.
Why is it taking so long for my money to appear in my account? I have been waiting a week!
Help! In the app there is a payment that I don't remember.
What documents are required for proof of identity?
I need to exchange some foreign currency. What's the charge for doing that?
How do I find the top-up verification code?
Can I do more than 10 transactions with a disposable card?
My phone is missing or stolen.
Where can I find my fund information?
Why couldn't I complete a transfer?
Is a SWIFT transfer okay?
My top up is pending.
google pay top up did not work
When can I expect my card to arrive?
My card will expire soon, do I need to order a new one?
I was not able to use the ATM to get cash
How do I begin the process of a refund?
It's requiring me to verify my identity?
My new card is here, what's the process for activating it?
I am unsuccessfully trying to make a transfer can you help?
I am seeing in the App a payment that its not mine
My card payment is being declined and I've tried several times.
I have a transaction that shows multiple times.
How long after I receive my statement can I dispute payments on it?
Why am I seeing a transfer fee on my bank statement?
Can I receive a new card while I am in China?
Why was I declined at the ATM today when I was trying to make a withdraw?
Why was my virtual card declined when attempting to setup automatic billing?
I think that there is a payment on my card that I did not authorize.  I don't recognize the name attached to the transaction.
My virtual card won't work.
How low does the balance have to be before the system updates?
I had a seller reach out to me saying my money didn't come through to them, but I'm sure it was removed from my account. Can you figure out what the deal is here?
I do not think the pop up went through yet.
The balance on my account wasn't updated after I made a depost.
I deposited a check yesterday to up my account balance, but that deposit hasn't shown up yet.  It's been a day already!
I am having trouble activating my card.
Give me back my money, I'm not paying the sellers. It has been a long time ago that I made an order and it just isn't coming.
Can I get a disposable virtual card?
How do I exchange currencies using this app?
I am unable to prove my identity
Am I free to top-up as much as I want?
After the transfer, the balance did not update.
I am not seeing recent cash withdrawal on my account.
How can I periodically check the delivery of the card you sent?
I need some help linking my new card.
How long do I have to wait for my bank transfer to appear in my account?
i havent got my card
Can I top up using an international card
Why is there an extra fee charged?
My card was declined in a shop
Is there a number to call to get my pin unblocked?
Is there a maximum i can top up?
The card payment I made didn't work.
I requested for a top-up but it has not reflected
The wrong exchange rate was used for my cash withdrawal
I got a message that I need to verify my identity; what do I do?
Cancel my last transfer
Is it permissible to hold money in multiple currencies?
I was charged more than once in a single transaction
I believe my card payment has reverted
When I was abroad the exchange rate for me was wrong.
What fees do you charge for the standard card?
I need to reset my passcode. How do I do it?
What are the top up charges for all US cards?
I attemped a transfer and it didn't go through.
I want to know if there is a maximum I can top up.
Why is there an extra charge of 1 dollar on my statement?
Instruct me how to reset the passcode.
I pulled cash from the ATM earlier. Why is it still pending if I already have the cash?
I was charged twice for the same thing.
Help me unblock my account.  I entered the PIN wrong too many times.
What are the steps to finishing up with this account?
I see a direct debit charge that I did not approve
Help me verify my identification.
Please check and let me know why my transfers are getting declined.
Cannot access my top up.
My top-up showed as complete, but it's no longer there! What's going on here?
I checked the app and saw an extra cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize
What are the currency exchange fees?
The rate for a currency exchange was wrong when I bought something.
How long after a failed topup will funds refurn to account
How do I revert a transaction?
How long should it take for my new card to arrive in them mail? What should I do if I never receive it?
When will my transfer post to my account?
Where do I order a virtual card from?
Will you work with any fiat currencies?
Was charged an ATM fee despite it being a small withdrawal on the 1st day of the month. I thought I was allowed 200 per month?
Why did I get blocked?
The cash abroad exchange rate is applied wrong.
In what increments can I top-up my card?
Why use a disposable card?
How can I add money automatically?
Where do I go to fill out the identity form?
My card doesn't work when I use it.
Is there an automatic top up feature?
I was supposed to get a refund but I do not see it.
It's been two weeks, why has the transaction for $1.00 not been reversed?
I need to transfer to my account and cant.
I have been doing some online shopping, but when checking out, it keeps getting declined. I tried a few times and it wouldn't work. What could be wrong?
My card is broke, what do I do?
Is there anywhere my card will not be accepted?
how long until a cash withdrawal will show on my account
Is there a way yo change my PIN?
what is the limit for top-ups?
Can you please reactivate my card?
Why was I charged a random fee for a transfer I made?
How are your exchange rates calculated?
I want a physical card
I need to track the card sent to me.
I can't figure out how to transfer money into my account.
I have never been charged for making an ATM cash withdrawal before, but I am now being charged a fee to withdraw cash. What happened?
How can someone add money to my account?
Weird charges are appearing in my debit account.
What is the code I need to get into the app?
The transfer I tried to make failed.
Would I be charged any fees if I added money to my account using an international card?
auto-top up option can be found where?
I was doing a transfer and received a "decline" message.
My statement shows an extra fee - what is it?
Why are fees charged for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. There's a new fee that there.
Will I get a Visa card or Mastercard?
Why is there now a charge for making cash withdrawals? I wanted some cash after I went to the grocery store, and there's a new fee!
I see a duplicate payment.
Can you delete the account?
can you limit my top up?
I saw a fee on my app from one of my payments and I wasn't sure where it came from. Is there a way you can tell me when there's an additional fee for my payments?
Why hasn't my money transfer showed up yet?
I want to find out what happened to my new card?
The refund has not appeared in my account
I got a extra €1 fee in my statement
Can I transfer money to my card via bank-transfer?
show me how to top up with my card
what do i do if my verification failed
I am seeing pending from the card payment I made.
Can I verify the source of my funds?
What should I do if I forgot my passcode?
I had a duplicate card and got charged twice. How do I resolve this?
I received an extra charge for using the card. Why?
Explain to me why a transfer would be declined.
I couldn't make a transfer because it was declined
Do you have any fees if I want to add money using an international card.
What are the steps in order to activate my new card?
Why would my transfer be declined? I've checked that I've put in all the right details, but it is still declined.
I don't see me 'top up' in my wallet
How do you Top Up on the apple watch?
How can I lookup where funds came from?
I couldnt transfer money from my account.
Any place that takes Mastercard would be fine.
Does it cost me to add cash?
Who do I call to cancel a transfer?
Exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
What does the bank charge for lost or stolen card replacements?
Is there a transaction limit for a disposable card?
I dont know what happened, but my payment was cancelled
Why hasn't my transaction completed?
Why would the app revert my payment?
I took out money from a transaction machine and it exchanged the wrong dollar value amount from another currency!
Will a transfer incur a fee?
What are acceptable documents to prove my identity?
Please help me set up a new PIN.
Can I transfer money to a beneficiery?
Why is there a random withdrawal in my app?
I sent some money and the receiver can't access it.
I made an online purchase and the order has not shown up. Give me my money back.
Can I verify a top up?
can I have multiple currencies?
Why can I not do a transfer to a beneficiary?
Can I use google pay for topping -up
What are the currency types that I can keep money in.
Can I use the app without my phone?
I need it delivered on a certain date.
How do I retrieve my passcode?
I was wondering how I could have two charges for the same item happen more than once in a 7 day period. Is there anyway I could get this corrected asap.
I purchased something and already received it, why hasn't the money taken out?
How many countries do you work in?
I need to transfer some money to a friend who is in urgent need of some fast cash. How long will it take before she can use that money?
do you offer refunds? i would like to return purchase.
Can other people top up my account?
Do you support top ups?
Where do I find the virtual card?
Is there any way to verify who I am?
What is the exchange fee?
Can you tell me which cards and currencies are supported?
How many times can I use a virtual card?
I cannot remember my passcode, is there a way to retrieve it?
How do I transfer money using a credit card?
The ATM won't give me my card back.
I want to know the source of my funds.
There are duplicate transactions on my account
What is the refund policy?
My phone was left behind.  Can I still use my card?
For some reason, I'm unable to transfer funds.
I don't recognize this payment
Is it possible to use Apple Pay to put money in my account?
The app passcode has completely slipped my mind.
I want this amount reversed out of my account.
Hi, I am on vacation in Spain and someone stole my bag with my phone and wallet with cards and everything. Can you block it ASAP and then I want to order a new one also ASAP.
I don't like your company. Delete my account.
Are refunds allowed for certain items.
I tried to top up with my card but it was declined. I was able to a couple days ago and it worked. Is something wrong? Can you check it for me please?
How do I replace my card?
The ATM isn't giving out any money.
Can I receive a refund for my item?
Do you have a list of cards and currencies you support?
I tried to transfer some money and it hasn't done it yet - what's going on?
Why is there an extra charge for money that was withdrawn?
What are then rules on beneficiaries?
How many days does a regular transaction take to complete?  I see a pending payment that hasn't changed in the last several days.
What currency can I use to pay for a top up?
The exchange rate would be?
My payment still hasn't processed!
can I use it all over the world?
How can I convert currencies?
How many days until the money will be in my account?
How can it be that my Card is not functioning anymore?
Why hasn't my transaction been completed?
ATM withdrawal not working.
While abroad I got cash, and a wrong exchange rate was applied.
I just sent money but the person I sent it to doesn't see it. What happened?
How many purchases can I make with one disposable card?
This company sucks! Can you delete my account?
Is it possible to get a refund for the item?
Can you lookup my password?
I didn't get cash from an ATM, but the app says I did
Can you tell me my code to get into the app?
Tell me where I can find the auto top up feature and a little bit about it please.
The exchange rate looks wrong on a holiday purchase
Can you tell me what is wrong ? I top-up with you all the time but this time it just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
Can you tell me why my card is not working? I keep trying to use it but it keeps rejecting my payment. I am being careful and entering the info correctly but it still happens.
what are you going to use my identification details for?
Why are the payments being declined on my new card?  I tried several times to use my new card to pay for my gas at the Shell station in my neighborhood.  I am very distressed about my new card not working.
How can I information on my limit for top-ups?
Will there be additional costs of I make a withdrawal from a local ATM of British pounds? I need some cash to feel comfortable on the journey home
I need to cancel a transaction please!
My payment is taking a long time to go through.
Let me know what the steps for the identity checks are
Do you accept any card and currency?
My card won't work at all for anything.
Let me know when I get charged extra for payments. I saw on the app a fee I wasn't forewarned about.
I am 16 and just started working at McDonalds can I deposit my checks at your bank?
I need my refund as soon as possible. What else do I have to do?
The exchange rate given to me after a purchase, was incorrect
Double check your funds may be declined
Reverted top up
When can I expect my transfer to reach my account?
Which ATMs am I allowed to get money from?
I see a direct debit transaction in my history that I did not set up.
Can you tell me why a cheque deposit isn't showing in my balance?
I just got $20 when I tried to get $100
that fee should not be there, you charged my cash for an unnecessary thing.
Where did my money come from?
The ATM is messed up. It gave me less than I wanted.
I urgently need to transfer something from China. How long can I expect it to take?
I don't know why my credit card was declined while I was trying to top-up. Was it something on my end or was there something wrong with the top-up function?
There's an unauthorized direct debit in my app.
Can I use my account although my identity verification has yet to pass?
What is the procedure for depositing a virtual card
Is it possible to have more than one disposable card?
where can i located the auto top up function?
I did not make a direct debit payment as listed on my app
Why isn't my top up showing?  Was the money reversed?
Why do you need so much id info from me?
Can you tell me where you get your exchange rates?
Why was I charged extra on my last UK pound to Russian ruble exchange?
I need to know what these extra charges are on my statement?
I made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but not exactly the same as the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. Can you alert me about this. What's been happening?
I don't remember my password
My cash transaction isn't showing on my account
Why wouldn't my contactless work for the metro?
Are bank transfers immediate?
There is a transaction for $1 and I don't know why it was charged.
can you tell me why my card was declined?
I tried to do a transfer and it hasn't worked!
I have a payment listed in error.
Is there any way I could open an account for my daughter?
I would like to activate my card to use now, can you help me?
Is there a fee that comes with transfers?
why was my payment reverted on the app
I moved.  Where do I update my details?
What do I do if my phone was stolen?
There's a debit on my account that I didn't do.
How long does it take for pending transfer transactions to post?
I see a direct debit transaction in my app that I didn't make.
How long will it take to get my refund
I do not understand what this particular direct debit is ?
I bought something while traveling, and the exchange rate was wrong.
With one disposable card how many transactions can i do?
Will there be a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
I would like to activate my card.
Is there a top up fee?
I got cash and was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
How can I receive money from my friend?
I must make a transfer from China and it is urgent. How long before the transfer is complete?
I need to do a refund
please delete account
Why have I been charged twice?
Hi, Please help me to request cash back. As i have been withdrawn money from ATM, but i got wrong amount. in Application its showing the amount i have been charged through.
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to stop pending
How do I report my card as lost or stolen?
I stupidly initiated a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It can't be paid from that account, but it really needs to get paid on time. Am I able to move the payment to the right account?
I tired to get cash in the ATM but it was cancelled
My transfer went through, but it seems to be caught up in a pending status.  This was very important that it got done quickly, can you give me a status update on how long it will take?
Which countries are represented?
How do I verify my top up?
How come when I tried to pay contactless at the bus it didnt work?
I was getting some cash out of the ATM but it cancelled on me without warning.
How long for money transfer to show?
Can I use my card to withdraw from my account?
Do you charge extra for exchanging currencies?
When my card expires, will I get a new one mailed to me?
How can I tell if there is a top-up limit?
why does it take so long to verify my id
When will I get a new card when I order it, and how much will it cost.
I've never been to that store.  That's a fraudulent charge.
What currencies does google pay top up accept?
I was wondering if you will take any fees in exchange for top ups?
Please help!  There was an extra fee when I got cash.
Hi, Last week I have contacted the seller for a refund as directed by you, but i have not received the money yet. Please look into this issue with seller and help me in getting the refund.
I was charged a fee for a transfer.
What is the limit to top up?
Does it cost me anything to top up my account via bank transfer?
I would like to change currency
I believe my top up did not work.
Please tell me how I can receive a physical card
What is your policy on withdrawing cash from an ATM? There is a fee on my account that wasn't there before I paid for my groceries.
Where can i find my top-up verification code?
Why are my withdrawals suddenly being declined?
Hello, I'm having trouble with my card, I don't understand what's happening, I tried using the ATM machine earlier but it wasn't working but seems like the transactions is still in progress, can you cancel it for me?
Did you deactivate my card it's not working anymore
Do you offer account services for children and teens?
Is there an issue with my account?  I don't see a cheque deposit that I made yesterday.  Please assist.
I haven't received my virtual card yet!!
Are there any charges for topping up my card?
What countries are you currently in?
I tryed to make a top-up with cryptocurrency but the payment was referted.
I can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. Please help.
Hello - I'm on the app and trying to purchase crypto. It's not going through. What am I doing wrong?
What is this random charge of one pound doing on my account?
i dont recognise some of these transactions, i think someone has my card details
Why is my card payment still pending?
My wallet was stolen and all my credit cards were in there.  HELP?!!?
Can I unblock my pin using the app?
Can I return an item?
I had trouble with an incorrect rate being applied when using the ATM with foreign currency.
I don't have my card after 1 week. What are my next steps?
What does it mean if my payment has been reverted?
Can you deliver the PIN separately?
Why is a transaction showing as pending when I recieved cash from an ATM?
I would appreciate that someone let me know when there is an extra charge for payments. I was checking the app earlier and saying a charge on one of my payments that was additional that no one made me aware of before.
What steps do I do to transfer money using my credit card?
Hello. My credit keeps being declined, last night and again today, as I try to buy something. What is the status of my card?
My payments from my virtual card keep getting rejected.
Can I receive my salary in a currency other than what it is deposited in?
My transfer failed
If my salary is in GBP, do I need to do something?
I could not get the top-up to go through
I would like to reactivate my card that I previously reported lost. I located the card this morning.
I haven't received my pin
Is there any amount in which I would get cut off from topping up?
My card needs to be activated.
Can I reactivate my card? I reported it lost and found it this morning in my jacket.
I think I was charged double for something I bought - how long should I wait before reporting this?
Someone used my card without my permission.
Is there a list of ATM machines?
I received a refund, however I cannot see it in my account
hey, I think someone stole my card numbers. There is a purchase showing up on my app from a store pretty far away from me.. I really need that money back to pay my rent.
Why did you charge me for taking out cash?
How do i transfer something faster than normal?
I can't find the PIN.
I have forgotten my passcode to access my app
I have a pending cash withdrawal
Can I cash deposit to top up my account
I tried to purchase airline tickets online this morning and my card information isn't working. Is there something going on with my account?
Are there limitations to what currency I can hold?
Can you help my fix my contactless?
There is a payment that i made that i noticed has not gone thru yet. Can i ask why?
Why can't I use a disposable card?
OMG!  I'm trying to load my card and it wont top up!  I desperately need the money either on my card or in my bank, where is it?
Can you explain why the ATM is giving me less money than what I asked for?
I found my card. How can I put it into my app?
There is a record of payment I never submitted on the app.
I asked for cash but I did not receive all the funds
My card needs to be activated asap
My top up is not working in Apple Pay.
do i have to talk to someone to close an account or can i in the app
What do I need to do to perform identity checks?
Can I add funds directly from my Apple Watch?
What is the length of a transaction completion?
Why was my withdrawal requested cancelled by the ATM?
I have money in a foreign account that I want to send to this account.
What do I need to do to verify my funds?
where do you find your exchange rates?
Why won't my card show up on the app?
Why am i being double charged for something?
If there isn't a lot of money left, will it automatically top-up money?
Hi, I tried topping up for the first time today (I'm a new customer), and the transaction has shown as pending for the last half an hour. Can you fix it?
If i want to change my pin number can I directly from an ATM?
I need a physical card.  What are the fees?
I have a 1 euro fee on my statement.
How does your app transfer the money
I just had a look at my statement. Why have I been changed for using the ATM?
Please help me with my card. As i have tried to use my card in two different ATMs but repeatedly it was declining by ATM.
Can I increase my top-up maximum?
Is there a few for exchanging foreign currencies?
Why was my atm withdrawl declined
How long before a bank transfer shows up in the account?
Whats types of currency can I exchange?
You operate in which countries?
How do I change to AUD from GBP?
How can I get a physical card
Are there top up charges for US cards?
How old does my daughter have to be to open an account?
What should I do if I've tried to enter my PIN too often?
I want to add money to my card, what payments do you accept?
My throwaway virtual card won't work
Mastercard is my preferred company.
Where's my top up code?
The recipient can not locate funds.
My card is showing multiple charges for the same items on my recent statement. I was wondering what actions of needed to take to fix this issue
I have a payment which has not been approved.
How do I use bank transfer to top up my account?
I was trying to top up my account and it isn't working
why is the exchange rate for a Foreign ATM different
I didn't make these transactions. Is someone else using my card?
Why was I charged for getting cash?
why did my payment revert
When I withdrew money from my account the other day, I noticed that there was a fee.  I didn't think that there were any fees for withdrawals...?  How much will I be charged?
How can I verify the top-up card?
I got some cash at an ATM earlier, but now app is showing that I withdrew more than I did.  Help!
I would like a physical card
What is the charge for sending out more cards?
Hi, i just topped up my phone and the money was deducted but it seems to have deducted the same amount again! please help!
How do i set up my credit card to send transfers?
For the first time I got a fee on my account. How do I know when you charge these fees?
What kind of security protects my money?
There was a transaction this morning that I'd like to reverse.
Help me to set up contactless payments.
I just purchased a disposable virtual card. Am I able to use it for online purchases immediately?
after i got married i need to change my name
How many times can I make a top-up?
Can you please disable my current account.
My transfer to my account is missing.
Can I add money automatically to my account while traveling?
Delete my account please. Now!
What is the source of funds for my money?
How many active cards can I have?
What limits are the to top-ups?
Can you cancel my purchase?
Hi, Today i have tried to make payment by my new card, but payment got declined many times. I am very disappointed, please look into this.
How can I add a new card?
How can I top up my account with a card?
Is it possible to get a card when i'm not in the UK?
what is the price of a transfer?
Why can I not make a transfer?
I prefer Visa, can I get that instead?
I have to verify my identity. What do I need to do?
Why couldn't I get cash from an ATM?
I topped up recently and saw the money go through, but now it's just gone? What's going on
I tried using my card and it kept getting declined, Why?
What would I be charged in receiving a SEPA transfer?
What does the decline message mean
I have a payment that is still pending
How many transactions can I do with a disposable card?
Why did my exchange rate change?
What kind of ATMs would this card be accepted at?
Please provide me with the restrictions of the disposable cards.
Which forms of currency are accepted?
When do i activate auto top-up?
i noticed that the funds were returned to my bank account. What happened?
If the ATM only gave me 10 pounds instead of the 30 I requested, what do I do?
What would be the reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
Is there a problem with your system being down or something? I have already tried 5 times to issue a standard transfer but I'm getting nowhere.
Is there any limit to the amount I can add to a card at a time?
I don't think I made this transaction on my statement
Hey, I ordered a thing but changed my mind and want a refund on it. Since I haven't received the thing, would you just go ahead and cancel the payment for me?
Can I choose from either Visa or Mastercard?
After making a transfer from a UK account it's not showing up. How long do these transfers normally take for you? I want to be certain everything is all right.
What are the rules for using disposable virtual cards?
And do you have virtual cards instead of physical ones?
I'm not happy with the services I'm getting with this company. Can you please delete my account?
How long does an international transfer take? I made the transfer from France 2 days ago, but it is not showing up in my bank yet.
I think my top up may have been reverted, what do I do?
How long does it take to process transfers from Europe?
Hoe do i use my credit card to transfer money?
Why hasn't my cheque processed?
What is preventing me from adding a specific beneficiary?
I want this fee reversed from my account.
The card I thought I lost was in my jacket pocket this morning, so can I reactivate that?
What do I need to do to transfer my paycheck to my account?
I require verification for my source of funds.
Can I trace where my funds came from?
The day before yesterday, I performed a transfer which was within this country. It still hasn't gone through. Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked and double checked.
My card is expiring so how fast can I get a new one and how much will it be?
If I wanted to change my PIN, how would I do that?
My app was on the phone and I was mugged.  What do I do?
I cannot prove my own identity.
What do I need to do to correct this failed transfer?
Where's my virtual card
Help! My account doesn't show any funds. Is transferring funds an option I can use?
How come my cash withdrawal came with an unnecessary fee?!
Can I set up an automatic top-up for travel.
Can you please assist me in Apple Pay, in getting Top Up to work?
I was just shopping and my payment was declined in a store!  It was very embarrassing, what is going on and when will it be fixed?
My card payment didn't go through.
Do you accept US credit cards?
I paid with card and I was charged a fee
Are new cards available from China?
Are their certain cash machines where I can change my pin?
Is it possible to top-up automatically?
For the identity verification, what do you need?
For the identity check, what kind of documents do I need to have?
I just got refunded for my purchase over two weeks ago
What do I need to do to transfer money with my credit card?
Can you tell me why my top up didn't work?
My account says there are pending funds right now from withdrawing from an ATM, but my card was declined and I never took out any money. When will that money be deposited back into my account?
i tried to do a transfer to an account but it didn't work
What's the time frame normally for a UK account transfer? I just made one and it's not showing up anywhere. I want to be sure that everything is good.
I wish to close my account. I do not like the service you provide.
What do I do if I do not recognise a cash withdrawal?
I took out cash from the ATM, but something must have went wrong, My account shows the correct amount of cash I took out, but the ATM didn't give me that amount. How do I get my money back?
why hasn't my virtual card come yet?
My card is about to expired what will happen?
When will my funds transfer?
How many active transactions can I make with a disposable card?
I used my card to get cash then I was charged a fee that I shouldn't have been charged.
One of my charges was declined, but the second one went through.  But I notice on my App that one of them has gone through, and the other one is still pending.  Please ensure that only one charge is processed. Thanks
How do I get money from friends?
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
A mortgage payment I'm making is giving me an error message.  This is the first time I'm making this payment and want to know what's wrong.
I accidentally made a payment to a wrong account. What should I do?
Unable to complete transfer, states 'declined'
Can I get an auto Top-up?
How do I verify the top up?
I can't find my card and think it may have been stolen.
Help my prove my identity.
I need to update my personal details
What is the process for activating a new card.
What do I do to stop unauthorized transactions on my card? I was never in the place from which the transactions on my bill were made and I never made them. Please help!
Why is there a direct debit payment on my app that is not from me?
Can you tell me where to find my top-up verification code?
How long does it take for a top up to go through
Why was I charged a fee for a transfer?
Balance is not up to date.
My statement has a charge that shouldn't have been made.
Please close my account. I am unsatisfied with your service.
Is my PIN the same thing as my passcode?
There are a couple payments with my card in the app I see that I didn't create. What is happening? Maybe someone gained access to my account.
How do a reverse a duplicated charge?
What should I do if I think that someone might be using me card?
Help me figure out why my transfer was declined
My top up has failed
I took out money and there is a fee.  Why?
Where is my money? I transfered it and it isn't in my account.
In the past month I often used this account to manage payments for my new holiday villa. Now all of a sudden your fees have increased exorbitantly! Don't you have a rewards programme for frequent users?
My card got stuck in an ATM.
I don't know what's wrong with my card, but it has not worked at multiple places today.
Is there a reason I was charged a fee to transfer?
How often can I top up my account?
I bought something overseas and the wrong exchange rate is on my statement.
I really need to know how to change my pin.
What can you do to unblock my pin?
What caused my top-up to be returned?
Do I have a card PIN?
Is it simple to transfer money using my credit card?
I need to transfer funds from China and quick expedition is crucial. Approximately how long does it take for a transfer from China to go through?
I just did a transfer, but don't see the money in my account. What's up?
Need a new passcode.
What is the max top-up?
My withdrawal is pending, why?
I am still waiting for a cash withdrawal to show
Can you give me the restrictions of the disposable cards?
Can I auto top if I'm low on funds?
Hi, i don't know what's going on i've just paid for my top up twice by accident can you help me get a refund please.
I need help with understanding why my card is not working.
Where do I find our how to get a physical card?
Why would I receive an error that my transfer isn't possible when I've done it before?
What can I do to track the card you sent me?
Where do I find how to top off with a check?
What is the cost for physical cards?
my top up isnt there yet where do i find it
What is the estimated wait time on a US transfer into my account?
Can you explain to me why a top up would be reverted?
I see a fee that I think was charged because I paid by card.
How many transactions can I do with one disposable card?
Change my pin?
Questionable transactions on my account.
What's going on with my balance? Shouldn't it be a bit higher since I deposited a cheque a day ago?
What types of fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
I was just going over my transactions for the past couple of months and noticed a large type charge that I know I did not make. Even though it's been a while can I please still dispute this?
Tell me why there is an extra charge when I used an ATM?
my card details could be stolen, as i didnt make these transactions
Can I use this account to receive my salary?
Why is my payment in pending status?
Hi, I am unable to use my card in ATM. I had tried my card in two ATMs but both ATMs declined it. Could you please check my account?
I would like a refund for something I bought
How many cards can I have for one account?
what are the locations i can withdraw money
Tell me which cards and what currency is supported.
I don't see my top up in my wallet.
Do I need to establish I am paid in GBP before a transfer?
I forgot the passcode on my app.
Which atms allow me to change my pin?
I want to top up my account. What payment methods are supported?
Could you please tell me your exchange rates?
Is there any way to get another card on the same account?
I want to top up from my Apple Watch, can I?
I had everything lined up to make a transfer, and then it rejected it.
Is there a cost to receive money?
Can I exchange currencies with this app?
What do I do now my credit card has been swallowed by the ATM?
Tell me why my topup wouldn't go through?
My card data has been exposed.
I'm looking for a machine of yours that will provide me cash from my home country. I went on holiday and don't have any cash on me. Will your machine charge me extra to do this?
Why have I been charged a fee for transferring money?
Can I use your services without access to the app?
what currencies can I receive my salary in with this?
I don't see a refund in my account.
is apple pay costly?
Why isn't my refund showing up?
I'll send a check to top up my account
Is there an age limit to get an account?
I was charged a fee for using my card. Can I check that in any way? It seems like there are occasions that I am charge for fees. Can you elaborate this?
How do I link a card that I already have?
When will my card be activated?
Can I use my card for online payments?
I have a transaction and would like to know if I it's cancelable?
I was under the impression that transfers were going to be free and here I was charged for something I bought overseas!  I don't think this fee is right
The wrong exchange rate was applied to me while pulling out cash.
Why am I having trouble withdrawing cash?
Why would I be charged an extra fee while doing a transfer?
Why is my beneficiary not allowed?
I withdrew cash and was charged. Why?
Are transfers not free? I didn't know I would be charged for transfers.
Why isn't my refund on my statement?
I bought an item that I was charged a different exchange rate for.
I made a transfer and was charged extra. Why?
How can i make my card active?
What are the reasons for my beneficiary not being allowed?
My ATM withdrawal was declined.
Seems like my top-up has not gone through
My top-up does not seem to have worked, what  went wrong?
Can I open a bank account for my newborn baby?
I need help making this transfer. I keep getting an error. I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my mortgage payment to go through first. Can you help?
I checked my account today and it said I was out of money. How do I transfer money into my account?
How do I see what fees I am supposed to be charged on my account? I've noticed fees on some transactions, but not on others. This is very confusing and I cannot find a pattern to what I am being charged?
How come I was charged an extra fee when paying with the card?
Where are the locations of ATMs that accept this card?
What do I do to get a disposable virtual card?
Why is my top up not completing?
I already paid to top-up but the funds aren't available yet, where are they?
The app can't verify my information for identity proofing purposes.
The ATM keeps declining my card. I tried at two different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's an issue with my account?
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't create. I don't know anyone by that name.
Can I track the card that was just sent to me?
Help! I think someone has made a cash withdrawal with my card!
someone is using my account
Are my friends able to add funds to my account?
I see a direct debit transaction that I didn't make.
How do I dispute a direct debit transaction?
Can I exchange to EUR?
My new card isn't here and it was issued a week ago.
Why did I get a fee for getting cash?
My cheque deposit didn't seem to work.
The transfer is coming up as pending the payment is due today. Will I be charged a fee?
I'm supposed to have a refund but it isn't there
My card is showing a fee from when I used it, but I thought this card was supposed to be fee free?
How do I get unblocked?
I was declined a transfer
Can you explain why there is a payment showing twice?
Foreign currency rates were put in wrong at an ATM i used.
What currencies are supported?
I want a disposable virtual card, how do I do that?
Which cards do you support for top up?
How might  I change my PIN?
I would like to give another card to my daughter, how can I proceed?
Something is wrong, my top-up is gone and I don't know what happened to my money.
Is there a limit to how much I can top-up?
I need to make a transfer but it keeps getting declined I need Help!
I don't see the verification code for my card transfer.
How long do deposits take to appear? I've been waiting for more than a week and need the money!
Can I request a card?
I put cash in my account, but I don't see it.
My foreign currency exchange has been applied incorrectly.
How long will my most recent transfer take to go through? The recipient needs the money urgently.
I was just shopping online for some tickets and the payment was declined by you.  Why has this happened?  I am certain I have the right amount of funds in my account.
Why is it taking so long for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
Is the top-up amount unlimited?
How do I go about unlocking a pin?
There's a cash withdrawal I didn't make
I would like to alter my personal details.
Top up on my Google Pay isn't working.
I noticed an extra fee when I paid with my card.
I wanted to purchase something online but the payment was returned back to me. This has been going on for a couple of weeks. Please tell me what is going on here?
Would you please unblock my pin? I don't know why, but it's blocked.
How can you assist on verifying my identity?
Can I exchange currency for different types?
I have made several unsuccessful attempts to make a transfer.  I'm getting frustrated at getting error messages and it not going through.
My card got trapped inside an ATM, what should I do?
It seems I was overcharged when I used an ATM while on vacation. If I knew about your fees in advance I sure would have gone somewhere else.
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Where should my card work?
I did not receive my full withdrawal amount
Online banking is not showing my cheque or cash deposit so the balance is incorrect.
Hi, I am unable to see transaction in my account which i made couples of hours ago from my UK account. Please help me in this.
Top up not available in my wallet.
I don't know how to top up my Google pay.
Was my card payment reverted?
I need to add my new address now that I've moved.
How long will an urgent transfer from China take?
I dont have identification
i tried to withdraw money but was told i didn't have funds
Can you tell me what currencies I can use to add money?
I am trying to find out how to exchange currency X with currency Y.
When my card expires what happens to my account?
How do I know where my money comes from?
There is a charge on my card that I did not make
I'm not happy, I want to close my account.
This is not right, I was told I could take out cash at the ATM for free?
I am trying to make a transfer and am unsuccessful, can you please tell me why?
How long does it take for an international transfer into my account?
What do I do if I can't prove my identity?
How can my new card be activated?
how can i get it to add money automatically while travelling
There's a cash withdraw on my statement that I didn't make.
I tried entering my pin several times incorrectly. Why isn't my pin working?
How many disposable cards am I allowed to have?
I wasn't charged the correct exchange rate for an item I purchased.
I am unable to transfer money. I believe it is not working because it states it was declined.
What is the reason for the extra fee on my statement?
Can I change to another currency?
What currencies do you do exchanges for?
maximum how many days get the courier?
Can am I able to exchange currencies?
Do you know why my card payment did not work?
My card is about to expire. Do I have to go to a branch to order a new card?
I seem to have lost my card.
Do you not accept crypto transfers from certain places? Because when I tried to do a top up the money just disappeared. Im not sure what to do or what I'm doing wrong, please help.
Are there any fees when exchanging to foreign currencies?
i do not know what this charge is for
withdrawal pending meaning?
Are there restrictions for my disposable card since it does not seem to be working?
I just checked and my payment was cancelled, why?
How do I avoid getting charged a fee on my card?
I need to urgently transfer something from China. How long will it approximately take?
Can I be given a new passcode?
What is the fee if I use a European bank for a top up?
I received my salary in the wrong currency. How do I change this?
It looks like my top-up was cancelled
I thought that transfers are free. Why was I charged an extra fee?
I have lost my phone or it has been stolen.
Can I request a refund
I still don't have a refund.
I ordered my card 2 weeks ago and it still isn't here? What do I do?
I need my purchase cancelled.
What do I do since the machine swallowed my card. I need one.
I am seeing a weird payment showing up that I know I did not make, how can I get it cancelled?
How can I make my contactless work for the metro?
I refilled my account balance but got an error message.
How can I get paid in a different currency?
Can I link an existing card?
Help me change my PIN.
Which ATMs accept this card?
I withdrew some cash, when is it going to show?
I was charged an extra pound.
My PIN is blocked, what do I do?
Is it possible to top up by card?
how long does a US transfer take
Can I get an account for my son?
Can I use app to reset PIN attempts?
I'm having problems making a transfer to another account. I keep getting a declined message. I know that the information I'm putting in is accurate because I have checked it more than once.
Can you explain the transfer fee that I was charged?
My disposable virtual card isn't working.
I wanted to know about a pending dollar that is on my statement.
And what about the Card's PIN?
I'm wondering how long it takes for my money to get to me after a bank transfer.
What do I need to do to receive my payroll in the account?
I tried to withdraw 50 pounds but it only gave me 30. Where is the rest of my money?
Pending still shows on this transfer, why?
I want to cancel a transaction.
I can't pull my card out of the ATM. Help me.
Can I change my PIN abroad?
what is going on with my cash withdrawal? the exchange rate is wrong
How can I top up my account and which currency can I use?
how to change name
Can I get a physical card for free, or is there a charge?
My Virtual card was rejected for a car rental. Why?
I am travelling for two more weeks but really need to change my PIN asap. What do I do?
I can see an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
I requested a refund from a merchant a while ago, and upon repeatedly checking my statement, the merchant has yet to refund me my money.  I don't know what's going on, or why the money is getting into my account--could you please help?
The app won't let me transfer money to a beneficiary
how to get card pin?
Do you accept credit cards from the US
How do I stop fraud to my card?
Why was my top up cancelled?
I goofed up and used the wrong account.  Please help.
Will I be charged any fee for receiving money?
Why is allowance not being given to my beneficiary?
My card is broken
I'm hoping you can answer my question about a pending transfer that I've had for a while now.  I know that all of the account details are correct, so why is it taking so long to go through?
I need a quick transfer from China.  How long would that take?
Why do I have two charges It should only be one charge?
I did not get the right amount of money when I used a different country's currency.
I wanted to use my card contactless but it doesn't seem to be working, what could be the problem?
How do I activate a new card?
Do these virtual cards have any caps on using them?
I selected to withdrawal 30 pounds but only received 10. I'm still standing in front of the ATM. The app shows i took out 30 pounds also. How do i fix this?
I need to cancel a purchase that I made the other day.
I live in the US, how long will it take for delivery?
Is there a problem with receiving my salary in GBP?
No refund showing in my statement.
I am being charged the wrong amount on my card.
Is it possible to top up with Google Pay?
I am noticing that a refund of a large purchase still has not been credited to my account. I contacted the merchant a few days ago and he assured me that he would submit it right away. Is there a status update?
Do you convert to Euro?
I need to cancel my recent transfer. I made a mistake. Please help quickly before the transfer goes through.
what is source of my funds, need to verify
Salary in GBP has been received. Does it need to be configured into another place?
I had a duplicate card and bought something and it showed up twice. I canceled my card, how do I get my money back?
Do you accept cheques for top-up?
Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
How did you come up with your exchange rates?
I'm trying to take money from my account but its not letting me. Help!
Can I automatically top-up when traveling?
I got $20 when I should've gotten $100
What stopped my transfer, from being accepted?
What is minimum age for an account?
I made a cash deposit to my account but i don't see it
Where does the exchange rate stand right now?
My payment has been cancelled
Why is my card payment showing as pending?
I forgot my password
What are the steps needed to top up with Apple Pay?
What caused my top up to be reverted?
How do I report my card stolen?
I have a direct debit that I did not set up
Where do I go to verify my identity?
Where is my refund? I have been checking my account all day.
I cannot locate the verification code for my top-up card. Please help me.
Can you tell me when my card will arrive?
My cash in the ATM is still pending
There is a withdrawal on my account that I don't remember initiating.
I've deposited a check in my account but the cash isn't showing as available.
wheres my pin
What is the function of the identity check
Can my PIN be changed in any cash machine?
Can you explain what this random $1 charge is?
I made a mistake and need to cancel a transfer.
My new card has arrived, what's the activation procedure?
What is the purpose for verifying my identity?
The wait for this transfer seems to be taking a very long time.  It is very important that it goes through quickly. Can you please tell me how long it may take?
How do I get the Top Up feature on my apple watch working?
If I need to make an exchange from USD to GBP, how can I do so in the app?
The service of this company sucks, I need to terminate my account.
My card payment says pending and it hasn't changed
I want to delete my account. I'm unhappy with the service you're providing.
Help me.  There is a Direct Debit that I didn't make.
The app does not recognize who I am.
Is there anywhere  In the  Eu  this card can not be delivered in
How can I stop someone from using my card after I lost it yesterday.
help me find the top-up card's verification code?
How long do transfers from Europe take?
I think someone copied the numbers on my card and is using them.
My funds are low, can I auto top up?
My transfer failed, why did that happen?
How do I order a new card when my old one is ready to expire?
Where do I order my card?
MY transfer has still not appeared.
What is the maximum I can transfer before I incur fees?
I performed a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it has not gone through? Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
I messed up a transfer and need to reverse it.
My refund is not showing.
You promised no fees but now I've got one. What the hell!?
i need help finding the auto top up option.
I no longer have my passcode.
I need a new card because the ATM took mine.
do i have to wait for a physical card before i get my pin
My husband and I went out for our weekly "dinner and a movie," and it was my turn to pick up the check. Now I see that my card was charged twice. Who should I contact about negating the second charge and getting my card credited?
If there isn't much money left over, will it top-up automatically?
Why was my Payment declined
How do I know when my new card is going to arrive?
Why hasn't my transaction arrived to my friend yet?
I need this item refunded
My account was charged for a withdraw I tried to make that was decline.
There is a payment made with my card that I don't recognize at all.
Is there any age limit?
What should I do if I think there are unauthorized transactions?
I cannot activate my card.
I have multiple of the same transaction
how do I link an already existing card?
I checked on google and the exchange rate you are using is really bad. Can you update it?
I think someone else is using my card.
My top-up didn't go through; it still says pending. What's up with that?
I need to cancel a transfer
can i verify my identity i the app
I was charged for a cash withdrawal, why?
Why was I unable to complete my transfer?
I have an unauthorized transaction on my statement
i'm not satisfied with the services and no longer want to be a customer
Will the PIN come separately?
I need someone to assist me with explaining how much I can top-up.
Can you look at my account ans see why my card was declined
The ATM didn't give me enough money! I asked for more than it gave. What do I do?
I purchases several items today. Why are they still showing pending?
Why was my payment reversed?
Have a payment that I haven't done.
I think my card has been used by somebody else since I was never in the little town where some transactions on this bill have come from. Please stop this right away.
What do I do if my payment was reverted?
Which ATMs accept Mastercard?
My money is back in my account after a seller contacted me stating they never received payment. I am positive it was deducted out of my account. Please get this sorted out right away.
Is there any way to Auto top-up?
Can you tell me how long it takes for a new card to come?
How can I check to see where my funds come from?
I need help fixing my contactless. It's not working anywhere I go today.
Do you support the exchange of EUR from my currency.
How can I setup automatic top-up?
I transferred some money but the balance stayed the same.
What are the time frames for the money to be available in my account?
I don't think my top up worked
I have a pending transaction in my app. How is it still pending if I pulled the cash out from the ATM earlier?
What can you tell me about getting a virtual disposable card?
Hi I'm waiting for a refund for an item I bought. I have contacted the merchant directly but had nothing back. Can you tell me whether or not you are able to refund me for the item?
Is there a problem with the top up system? My transaction hasn't gone through properly
I made an ATM withdraw it didn't give me the amount I asked for but is showing a withdraw for that amount.
When will I see my new balance after making my bank transfer?
I bought something, but the exchange rate looks wrong.
Everytime I try to prove my identity it won't let me.
I need to cancel a transfer I made.
How do I receive money from someone?
Which cards do you guys support? I want to top up using my credit card.
The ATM only gave me 10 pounds when I withdrew 30. What do I do?
I really need money from my card today, but my card is getting declined. Please help!!
The ATM charged me an extra fee, Why?
When I tried to pay in a store my card din't work
Help me transfer money to my credit card.
Can you look into my top up please.  I made it over three hours ago and yet it's still pending.
I need to transfer something ASAP from China, how long will it take to post to my account?
I need clarity on why my card is not working.
In the App I see a payment that is not mine.
How old does my kids need to be to open an account?
Can I use my Apple watch to fill my gas tank?
I found my card! Can I link it back into the app?
I need my card delivered as soon as possible.
What are the requirements to open an account for a minor?
How do I go forth on verifying my identity?
what is the charges for new card?
I believe I got a wrong exchange rate when I got cash.
What is this extra fee?
I am waiting patiently for a week now for the seller to get back to me and there has been no response, could you please help me further with getting my money back.  Thank you.
I found the card that I thought I lost, and I would like to reactivate it.
My top up did not show up as shown and my money has disappeared, can you help me fix this glitch problem?
Can I exchange from USD to GBP?
It appears my transfer was declined.
My top up hasn't gone through
What do I do for the identity check?
Can I order extra cards?
What's the foreign exchange rate I will receive?
I have a reverted top up I made and wanted to know why it didn't go through.
I am still waiting for a transfer to show up
How can I update my details since I moved?
How to change my address.
How long should my new card take to arrive?
For what reason did my top-up get cancelled?
I believe someone is using my card without my agreement!
If I need to exchange currency is there an extra fee?
I am waiting on the refund
Why am I being charged for getting cash?
Where can I change my PIN?
Please tell me how to get a physical card.
Can I put my old card back into the system? I just found it/
What do I do if the bank machine won't accept my PIN attempts anymore?
I have no idea why but my transfers keep getting declined. I have double checked all the recipient details several times already and they're definitely correct.
My exchange rate is wrong when I get cash.
I can't do the verification.
Why was I double charged?
I'm trying to verify my top up card, how do I do that?
In my statement, there was an extra €1 fee
A withdrawal is showing that I don't recognize
How can I get my Google pay top up to work?
Please help me with my card.  It won't activate.
When I went to $100, all the machine would give me was $20.
What steps do I need to do to delete my account?
Hi, I draw out some money from the ATM today. The ATM has given me wrong amount and the application is displaying more amount than i withdraw.
Which currencies do you accept for adding money?
I wrote a check to the account yesterday to add to my balance, but I don't see the amount of the check reflected anywhere.  Is it being held up for some reason?  I should have seen a new balance by now!
I have to quickly transfer something to China. How long will it take to arrive there?
I want to hold and exchange fiat currencies, what can I use to do so?
I deposited a check a few days ago and it's still not gone in! Please help me with this
Is exchanging currencies a feature of the app?
Why did I only get $20 when I tried to get $100
I'm unhappy with the exchange rate your cash transactions.
How do I reset my PIN?
What exchange rates do you use?
My transfer has been declined and I know it should have went through.
I would like to know why so much identity information is required?
Is my account able to be topped up by my friends?
are you sending me my card?
I shouldn't have been charged but I see a fee, why?
Are cards from the US accepted?
I sent my friend some money a few hours ago but she has not received it yet. She really needs it. How long does this take?
I made a payment and it appears it is showing twice
There's a duplicate charge on my account?
My card is not working.
I have not received the amount of cash i was supposed to.
I want to revert a transaction I did this morning
I would like to know how I can verify my Identity.
Why hasn't my top up gone through?
I'm at an ATM and withdrew 30 pounds and was only given 10. What should I do?
Help!  The app says I took out cash but I didn't!
I am not Happy with this product can i get a refund?
I made a transfer to my friend earlier and she hasn't received it yet.  What's the hold up?
What are the fees associated with top up via transfer?
How long does the "pending" period of a transfer take?
I believe my money did not go through with my top up, was there a problem on your end?
I have to make more then a few disposable cards per day.
My payment has been declined!! What's going on, I thought everything was alright and working well?
How can I pay for top-ups?
Why can't I top up by cheque?
The wrong rate was applied to an item I bought in a currency different from mine. Can this be changed?
How can I cancel a transaction to a wrong account?
What is the function of the disposable cards?
Where is the closest Mastercard ATM?
I would like to receive a few more physical cards.
I did a top-up, but I'm not seeing it in my wallet yet.
Why was my card declined?
My card payment didn't work
How long does it take for a new purchase to stop being considered pending?
I want to get rid of the account, and delete personal information .
Hello,  In my most recent ATM transaction, I didn't receive nearly as much cash as I thought I would - what is your exchange rate policy?
Will I be charged for a SEPA transfer?
Do top-ups have limits?
There's a direct debit on my account that I didn't authorize
Is there a top-up feature, if there isn't a lot of money left?
Why is this beneficiary being rejected?
I was wondering, Can I get my pay in another currency?
My transfer is quite urgent, and finally worked out, but I've been waiting for it for quite some time. Can you tell me how long to expect to wait for it?
I would like for someone to tell me which fiat currencies that your company supports.
Why hasn't arrived yet a transaction I did to my friend?
Can we skip verifying?
What are the guidelines for the disposable cards?
I was charged a fee when I transferred my funds, why?
how do i get a card if i am in the usa
Can I use a cheque to top up my account
Can you tell me how many currencies I can hold?
I can't access my account.
Do I receive the physical card for free
How many days until my US transfer arrives?
How do I top up with Apple Pay?
How will I know my pin number?
How do I cancel a purchase?
Can I use my apple watch to top up?
I have an odd payment in my statement
I'm still waiting on my new card to be delivered!
I've tried using my card multiple times and it keeps getting declined.
How do I get a card in the EU?
Why didn't this transfer work?
An extra pound was charged!
why couldn't I use my card at a store?
How come I can't take money out of the ATM?
I just got my new card.  How can I activate it?
What fiat currencies are supported?
Do you charge if I use a European bank card for top up?
Why can't I edit my personal details?
I don't understand where this debit came from and want it removed.
Something is wrong with my password.
Are there fees for top ups?
I need quickly transfer something from China. About how long will it take?
Think someone has took money out with my card. What shall I do?
When will I see my cash, since I already deposited my check?
I am being charged a pound out of nowhere. What is this?
I took cash and got charged a fee
I don't like that I have to fill out so much information about my identity.
I want to activate my new card.
Can I pay for my gas using my Apple watch?
I'd like to get another card
How long will it take for my payment to go through?
What retailers accept my card?
I want to have an item refunded can I do that?
What is the reason for my beneficiary to be disallowed?
Yesterday I had my phone stolen.  Please advise what I should do.
How do I apply for a refund?
Where can I find the "auto-top" feature?
How much will it be in order to pay with a bank transfer using SEPA?
Why did I get charged a fee for my card payment?
The wrong exchange rate applied to my cash withdrawal.
Is there a top-up fee if you add money in USD?
I want to activate the card.
Why was I chaged twice for the same thing?
I need to create several disposable cards per day.
I did a transfer to my account but it doesn't show up
What is the process to activate a card
I have moved to a new house and set up a rent payment to my landlord, it was supposed to be in her account a few days ago but it hasn't arrived.  I definitely sent it to the right place, can you confirm where the money is?
I have a transfer that was approved that I'm urgently waiting for. How long am I supposed to wait for it?
From where are you getting your exchange rates?
I need to verify my identity
Somebody stole my wallet and is using my card! Can you do something so they can't keep taking my money?
I don't recognise a cash withdrawal
Is there anywhere I can't use my card?
I just got a new card how do I get it to start working?
How do I get extra physical cards?
How long are deliveries to the US?
Is my child too young to sign up?
A payment is pending
To receive money are there charges?
Are you able to unblock my pin?
Unknowingly to me the payment sent to seller has been redeposied back in my account. I do not know why it would take out the payment and then put it back in my account. Can you resolve this as soon as possible?
Is my card accepted anywhere?
While getting cash, I was charged a fee.
Is there a way to order a new card while in China?
What are the rules to where I can use my card?
I have a fee for cash withdrawal
Will my new card work outside of the EU?
i want to get my salary deposited as pesos?
I need a refund?
I have been trying to make transfers to another account but I keep getting a declined notice. I have checked all of my information more than once and my information is accurate.
Will I get charged on a foreign currencies exchange?
I need help finding the verification code on the top up card.
My app shows a payment I didn't make
If I top-up by using a trasfer are there charges that applied?
Why won't you accept my payment? I keep trying with this card and it's not working.
Any charges applicable for new card?
I think something went wrong, I didn't get the right amount.
My virtual card isn't working. What do I do?
Why is the identity check involved?
What cards and currencies are supported?
I want to do a bank transfer to this bank, from an account at another bank.
I have a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
Can I change my PIN without being physically present?
Someone has access to my card info.  I still have the card, but someone just withdrew cash.  How do I get this corrected/stopped?!
Do the disposable cards have a transaction limit?
Will it cost me to get a second card?
What ID do I need to verify my identity?
How can I cancel my transfer?
What are the charges for receiving money?
Can you help me reset my password?
I'm pretty sure my top up failed. How do I fix this?
Tell me why my transfer failed!
Please tell me the steps to verify my identity.
The company is no good, please terminate my account.
Is my fiat currency supported for both hold and exchange?
Am I able to get a card in EU?
I was not able to receive the correct amount of cash.
Is it possible someone has access to my card? I noticed that there are a couple of payments in the app I'm sure I did not make. Can you find out what's going on here?
If I don't have all my documents can they still verify my identity?
What is the extra fee that was added when I used the card?
The app said I withdrew cash at an ATM and I didn't
Where can I verify my identity?
How do I make my top up complete?
Do I get charged if i am getting money?
I just got my new card, how do I activate it?
How long will it take to activate my new card?
I need help- I got mugged yesterday and they took everything so I can't use the app.
Why am I charged a fee when using my debit or credit card?
Are PIN separately?
what is the leadtime for a new card to show up in the mail?
Where is a Mastercard ATM?
My transfer didn't go through.
My statement has a payment that I do not recall making
Why would my topup not go through?
My transfer is pending too long.
Can the card be mailed to Europe?
when will the balance on my account change form a transfer
Can you do exchanges of EUR?
What should I do if I don't know my password?
Hi! A seller that I requested a refund from a long time ago has yet to send the money into my account, even though I keep checking it. Can the seller be contacted by you guys to see what's going on?
What should I do if I think someone stole my details and used my information to make some transactions?
Is there a limit for the amount I can top up?
I submitted my transfer but it has been pending for quite a while and I was wondering what takes so long? why hasn't it completed
My card is going to expire, what do I do?
I did a cash deposit to my account but my balance is still the same. What happened?
What are the details of disposable card limitations?
In terms of holding and exchange, what fiat currencies do you use.
Can you make exchanges using the EUR?
How can I know where did my funds come from?
Is it possible to change my pin if i am out of the country?
What are the steps for getting money from a friend?
Is it possible to do auto top up?
Am I allowed to give my daughter one of my cards to use?
Is there a reason why my card was declined when I attempted to withdraw money?
A transfer is pending.
Why did my credit card get declined for top up?
I have a transaction showing up multiple times.
Why do I see a fee when I do a transfer?
Where do I order additional cards?
The exchange rate for the money I took out in a foreign country is wrong.
There is a 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What is that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
Can I use a transfer to receive my transfer?
Why can't I verify my identity?
I'd like to transfer funds using my credit card.
Why is the cash transaction still showing as not completed?
how come i was declined
can i top up from a usa credit card
Will I get a curreng foreign exchange rate?
Why couldn't I transfer funds to my beneficiary?
Freeze my account it's been hacked.
Why have I been charged for pulling cash out of my own account?
Can I get a card although I'm not in the UK
How do I update my address?
Why is my physical card not working?
Is there a reason a payment is showing complete on my side but the person who is receiving it has not gotten it?
There was a direct debit transaction I have don't think should be there.
Can you help me transfer money into my friend's bank account? I tried to do it but it keeps rejecting me. I need to get the money in there asap. I have enough and all the account info is correct.
There's a $200 withdrawal on my statement that seems fishy to me.
My card wants to be topped what do you guys support?
Why was I not able to complete my transfer?
Can another family member hold a card for this account in addition to mine?
My card payment wasn't accepted.
How do i get my salary in the account?
Do I get a card to keep in my wallet?
Who accepts the card?
Can money be exchanged from one currency to another?
How can I check the source for my funds?
Why do I need to verify the top-up?
The app reverted my top off.
Would I have to pay anything if I need an additional card?
How do I transfer funds if I am paid in GBP?
I received a fee I should not have.
Why is there an unknown card payment?
I just moved to the US how do I get a card?
My card keeps getting declined when I try to use it.  I would like to top-up, but it is not going though.
Do I have to do the identity check?
Am I going to be charged for receiving  money?
how long does it take for a transfer from Europe to go through?
One of my card payments, I don't recognise the name of the merchant.
How long does it take for the transfer to go through?
Does it cost to add money to my card?
Can I create my own top-up limit?
I travel a lot, can I get a bulk currency exchange discount?
Am I able to have a card sent to China?
If I need to top up with cash where should I look?
Help me verify my identify?
The amount of cash I received was not the full amount
Can I use my salary for this?
When will I have access to my pin number?
Do you only use Visa or do you have Mastercard too?
I'd like to have it delivered on Saturday.  Is that possible?
What are the steps I need to take to verify my identity?
I suspect someone used my card.
can i use both visa and mastercard
where do i find out about exchange fees
What does it mean when it says I have a payment pending?
HOw do I get my card back after the ATM has pulled it in?
What are the fees of using an international card to add money?
Will my friend be able to top off my account?
My card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks. Is it lost?
As advised by you, i requested seller to refund my money. A week has passed but i haven't got any update from seller. Please track the refund with the seller.
Is it on purpose that my payment has been returned to my account?
Is my daughter eligible to open an account?
I  do not see a top-up processed.
What does pending mean on a cash withdrawal?
Are there any extra fees for adding money into the international card?
My rate is not right when I used my card in a different country's money.
Will you accept my other card?
Why can't I use my virtual card for subscription services?
I need to reset the passcode.
What do I do if my card has been lost or stolen?
My payment didn't work and the money is in back in my account.
I need my card right away.
Can I change my pin at a cash machine?
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.  I've never seen the name on the transaction before.
Why isn't my refund showing up in my statement?
How do I change the PIN?
I used my card the other day to get cash from an ATM and was charged an extra fee. I don't understand why I am being charged a fee all of a sudden. I thought it was free to withdraw from an ATM?
I don't recognize some transactions.  Is someone else using it?
Where on the website do I go to link my card?
Why is my cash still pending that I put in ATM?
Can I get a second card for free?
I am unhappy with an item I bought. How do I get a refund?
I transferred money from one account to another account and I charged a fee for it. Why is that?
Why does the same transaction appear multiple times?
Why was my cash withdrawal cancelled at the ATM?
I live in the EU, can I get one of your cards?
I need more physical cards.
explain the interbank exchange rate
My PIN can't access my card, can you help?.
Where did your guys exchange rates come from?
top up by my card is that possible?
What do I do to activate my new card?
Are you going to charge me to collect the money?
How can I go about getting a disposable virtual card?
I tried to get gas but my money was gone!
I am only 17. Can I make an account?
Where do I find PIN for my card?
At what age can my children use your service?
Since I just got married I need to change my name.
I just deposited cash to my account and can't find it!
I know that I am able to make transfers for free.  That was something that I valued.  After I bought something online from abroad I noticed that I got charged a fee?  What is this and can it be removed?
How do I dispute a direct debit that I didn't do?
Let me know when you charge for payments. I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
My account did not allow the transfer.
I am at the ATM and tried to withdraw 30 pounds and it only gave me 10 pounds, what do I do?
Is there an extra fee for using an ATM?
Can I use my account without verifying identity?
is there a way i can see source of money?
Can i have a virtual card?
What currencies do you offer?
Please help in finding my card PIN, thank you!
The app is showing that I received alot more money than I actually received from the ATM. This occurred earlier today.
What is the time frame that it usually takes for a transfer to come through? I have a friend needing it immediately but it has yet to come through.
Unable to use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account
How do I get a new card as your machine swallowed mine!
Why did I get a transfer declined?
My friend deposited $100 into my account, but it is not showing up!
If I wanted to make a change from GBP to AUD what is the process?
still waiting on my new card
Why is there extra cash in my account?
Is it normal to see a fee for transferring money?
I need assistance completing a transfer. I'm trying to purchase a flat and need the money for the initial mortgage payment. I keep getting an error and the transfer is not going through. What is going on here?
I had a transfer blocked
There is an unexplained $1 charge on my statement, can you please explain this to me?
Can you tell me why my card payment was cancelled?
I don't think the transaction has gone through, so can I cancel a transfer?
The transfer I did hasn't arrived
Can you remove my account please?
I received the wrong amount of cash back
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or try an alternative
How do I deposit cash?
I think my card is broken
I'm not sure what to do about the PIN, because I don't have one yet.
Someone else used my card to withdraw cash from an ATM
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
I'm not able to withdraw money from the ATM but I'm not sure why.
My transaction was just declined when I was using my disposable virtual card. What can I do?
Someone needs to make me aware when there are extra charges for payments. I happened to be looking at the app earlier and noticed a charge associated to a payment that was extra that no one made me aware of before at all.
I have been charged a fee for paying with card
Can you tell me how I go about activating a new card?
I did a transfer.  What is the extra fee?
Do all ATMs accept this card?
What are the cards and currencies that you support?
Is there a way I can check on the card on route to me?
How do I replace a stolen card?
Can you please check why I am having this extra fee on my statement.
Why does my statement have these extra charges?
Help, I don't see my money i just added.
I finally got my new card and was very excited to use it today. However, my payment kept declining. What is happening?
I've got to have one of those virtual cards.
My PIN seems to be blocked, help me access it?
How can I access my account when I have lost my phone?
I tried to use my card to top up but all of the money has disappeared.
Can I have it by a certain date?
I've tried looking for the auto-top up option on your website and I can't seem to find it. Can you help me?
The ATM did not give me my card back?
Why do I see an extra fee on my statement?
ATM still has my card
At what age can I open an account?
How much is it to send out additional cards?
I'm not familiar with a card payment.
why does my statement contain an extra fee?
My cash withdrawal charged me the wrong exchange rate
My card didn't go through.  It doesn't make sense.  You told me that everything was ok.
How do I use contactless pay?
Hi. A couple hours ago I make a transfer from my UK bank account, but it hasn't shown up. Please, would you see what the delay is?
How much does it cost to get a new card?  Mine is almost expired.  How fast does it come?
What should I do if my card doesn't work?
I can't see my latest bank transfer
Where is the transfer that I did?
Can you please tell me how long it takes for the transfer to be available.
I already made a transfer and want to cancel it, how do I do that?
Why wouldn't a transfer go through?
I am unaware of what my password is.
My card seems to not be working at all.
Is there a fee for topping up
I notice that I have a card payment that's been cancelled.
Please delete my account.
I got a message that my transfer is not possible.  What is happening?  I need this to go through please.
When do i get charged a fee for using the card?
The app is telling me that I am not me.
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there?? What happened to my money?
I need to add a serious amount of cash to my card, how do I do that?
Hi, I am calling about a recent transaction that has happened on my account.  I recently went to the ATM, and tried to make a withdrawal on my account.  I just happened to check my transaction slip and noticed a fee for my withdrawal.  How can I resolve this, I didn't know fees were charged for this type of action.
I want to link to my card card with you, how?
My transfer is pending.
Can I top up with a cheque?
Hello, a few days ago I transferred my rent check to my landlord, however, he is saying that it has not gone though. On my end everything looks fine and I double checked the account number. Is there anything else that could be holding up the check?
I would like to receive instructions showing the verification process for top up cards..
Is it normal to be charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
Are there any hidden extra fees for currency exchanges?
What does it mean if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
My top up isn't in my wallet.
I need to change my contact information.
If you send me more cards, are there any charges?
What fees to you have for top ups?
Why was I charged for card payment?
A transaction to a friend still hasn't shown up.
Why is my cash withdrawal still showing as pending?
May I change my PIN?
I wasn't able to do a transfer to an account
Is it acceptable to use my card anywhere?
I cannot get my virtual card to work.
So the transfer finally worked but now it's been pending for quite a long time. How long do you expect me to wait for it? It's quite urgent
My credit card was declined.
What do I need to do to request cash back? The ATM actually just gave me the wrong amount. The app I actually chose the right amount.
If I lost my phone, what steps do I need to take to stop someone from using my account?
I usually don't get charged for transfers, why was I this month?
What is the importance of verifying the top-up?
Could I please cancel my transfer, I paid it into the wrong account. I need to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
I need to verify my identity, but how do I do that?
Im waiting for my transaction to go through.
How long does the cash withdrawal take to pend?
There is a charge for an additional pound.
Why has another fee been placed on my statement?
I need to close my account as soon as possible.
why is top up pending
I did all that was asked of me and I am rather frustrated. I don't understand why you just won't credit me my money back. I have contacted the seller and nothing has been done. It's been a week!
I've use my accounts all the time to manage my payments for my place abroad that I just got. I now see that I suddenly have new fees.I'm a frequent customer, so why are you charging me new fees instead of rewarding me?
Can I add to my account balance with a cheque?
How long do transfers typically take? Is there a way of speeding the process up? My friend needs the money I sent her desperately.
How come my card payment is still pending?
Will you help me unblock my pin after putting in the wrong pin too many times?
Why was there a fee for my cash withdrawal?
Will I get a real card?
Why do you need all these details about my identity?
At what places accept my card?
Hi, It's urgent, please freeze my card. As someone has withdrawn money using my card in odd remote town. Since i have not done this withdrawal. Do it fast.
My card was stolen. What do I need to do?
Please help me cancel a transaction.
I transferred money to another country several days ago, but my transaction is still pending. i have checked that the accounts are keyed in correctly. what sees to be the problem?
i didnt make these transactions, i think my card details might be stolen
Why is there an extra fee on a transfer?
There was an extra charge when I used my card
Can I use my social security card as a form of identity?
The ATM won't let me take out cash
What is my source of funds?
How do I re-add a card to the app?
There's a Direct Debit payment in my account that I didn't make
I need my card soon.
where do you have locations at
Can I wait for you to send me a new card when mine's about to expire?
I think my top-up has failed.
Which card would I get, Visa or Mastercard?
Is it possible for me to change my PIN number?
What is the handling fee for transfer?
Someone stole my account, there's a withdrawal but it wasn't me, can we put a stop to it please?
I see a reverted payment on my account. Why has this happened?
Can I reset the passcode?
How do I change currencies to euros?
Is this card available to United States Residents?
I need to change my address in the personal details.
Will it cost anything to top up a US card?
How long will it take to transfer something to China urgently?
How do I go about getting hold of a virtual card?
hello I have lost my phone and I'm worried someone's going to steal money from me
Do you support all fiat currencies?
Do you have a limit to top ups?
I moved and need to change my address.
How do I go about getting a virtual card?
if i found a lost card can i put it back in app
Where are you present globally?
Tell me how to reset the passcode.
What is the most amount of disposable cards allowable?
Where can I go to modify my detail?
Why do you need to verify my identity?
Is there such thing as top up by cheque?
I am having trouble proving my identity.
I received a fee for obtaining cash, is this correct?
Since I got married, I need to change my name.
The top-up verification code is not visible.
I did what you told me earlier and contacted the seller for a refund directly, but nothing is happening! It's been a week and I still haven't got anything. Please just give me back my money
I have a top up card. Where is the verification code?
I transferred some funds but I don't see it
I did not get all the cash at ATM.
How long does a transfer stay pending?
Why is my refund not visible on my statement?
How do you calculate exchange rates?
What needs to be provided for identity verification?
I would like to know why a withdraw I made for some cash shows up as pending.
Why did my transfer not work?
What would II do if I wanted to activate my new card
What went wrong when I tried to do my transfer?
You shorted me money when I tried to make a withdrawal.
I don't know where to look to find my PIN.
Why does my transfer still say it is pending?
How long do European transfers take?
I can't get a contactless payment to work.
Is it possible to change from AUD to GBP?
I'v exhausted all the of times I can try my PIN
I saw I was charged extra for money I withdrew?
I'm waiting for a transfer from the US, how much longer?
What is the amount of disposable cards I can have each day?
I need several cards per day. And I need to be able to throw away all of the cards I make.
What do I do after the ATM takes my card.
Please help me.  I don't know my code to get into the app.
The exchange rate for my electronic payment is incorrect.
Can my friend send me money if it is not in US dollars?
Will my pin number be sent with my card?
Why wasn't my bank balance updated?
I just bought an item and would like to stop payment can you tell me if the item has been sent yet?
Is it free for top ups?
my cash withdrawal is pending, why?
Does every place of business accept this card?
My daughter needs an acount.
I am yet to receive my pin.
Tell me how to top up my account using bank transfer.
how much do you charge to top up US cards?
I would like to invalidate my account.  I am very disappointed with your services.
What is my card's PIN?
Why wasn't my payment accepted by the app
is there a way to see where funds come from
Can I Transfer from SWIFT?
I couldnt get cash in an ATM
There is an important thing from China that I need to transfer. Approximately how long will this take?
The cheque I deposited isn't showing in my account
I cannot verify my identity
There is a pending 1£ charge on my statement.  I haven't purchased anything for 1£.  Why is it on my statement?
How do i request more physical cards?
What currencies do you accept to add money?
How long does it take for transfers to be approved?  I sent funds to my girlfriend, and she says that she has not seen any approved funds in her account.
Is it possible to get a refund?
I am having issues using contactless payments, could my card be damaged?
Why do you need so much information about me
Why has transferring money resulted in a charge?
How much do I have to pay to accept an international transfer?
Are there limits to businesses that will accept this card?
Which ATMs take the card?
Can I request a physical card?
I received my American Express in Apple Pay, is there a reason why top up is not functioning properly?
I need you to cancel a transfer that I made.  It is the wrong account number and the app won't let me stop the transaction.  Please stop it!
An unauthorized payment is in my app
Hey, I attempted to top up my card today and for some reason it didn't work. When I did it the other way it worked just fine. Could you help me figure out why this is happening please?
I just topped off my card will I be charged for it?
The app won't let me top up my account
Tell me why there is a fee for a card payment.
Do you do business in the EU?
I'm trying to make a payment to my new landlord. Even though the payment was sent a few days ago, it isn't clearing on their side. Can you verify that payment has been made?
Is it possible to edit my personal details on the app?
I only have one more US credit card, is it accepted?
Google Pay isn't working. What is wrong?
Are there directions to get a new passcode if I forgot mine?
My last name has changed and I need to update my account details.
I'm still waiting for my top-up to go through
Can I receive my salary with this in another currency?
I can't find the auto-top up option.
There is a direct debit I do not recognise in my statement
I need to dispute a direct debit.
I received my new card, but I don't see it in the app anywhere.  What do I do?
A fee that shouldn't be there is there after using my card!
What is the max amount of top-ups?
It looks like my card payment might have been reverted.
Has my top up gone through?
I want to reverse a transaction I did this morning
What, if any, is the limit  for auto top-up?
What's the time frame on EU transfers? I purchased something a couple of days ago but the seller hasn't received my payment.
I used the ATM to get money out and did not realize I would be charged as much as I was or I would not have done that!
My pins seems to be blocked, can you unblock it please
I set up a payment to a new payee and sent some money but the person I'm sending it to has not received it.  Can you check where the money is?
How many times can I use a disposable card?
Do I have to pay for a second card?
My top-up was revoked.
Why was my cash withdrawal declined?
I lost my phone and need help securing it.
the exchange rate was different than expected
I can't withdraw any money from my account. Ive tried a couple different ATM machines and both of them wouldn't give me my money. What's going on? Is my account frozen or something?
How do I track the card you sent to me?
Hello, I have noticed a problem on my recent withdrawal at the banks atm machine.  I made a transaction and upon receiving my funds from the machine, a fee was assessed to my withdrawal.  Are these types of transactions free of charge?
Where do you deliver cards by mail?
My withdrawal was cancelled.
Where can I see where my funds came from?
why was my transfer declined
Are there any charges for receiving money?
I have just read my statement and there is a payment I don't recognise.
I withdrew money but the full amount wasn't dispensed.
There is a payment showing on my app that I didn't do. Will you please cancel this payment and refund my money ?
Why did I get a message saying that my transfer is not possible?  I have done this before no problem.  Please fix.
Somebody used my card without my knowledge!
I need a refund for something I bought.
I need my card as soon as possible.
There are funds in my app that I did not receive.
How simple is it to transfer money into my account?
My card never arrived.
Do you do SWIFT transfers?
who do I talk to, to cancel a transfer?
Why did the app deny my top-up?
My first choice would be Mastercard.
Has my card been lost in delivery?
How did the extra charge on my card come in effect?
What can I pay with? Does cash work?
Can I get support?
I've got a problem - I purchased an item maybe a week or two ago, but to the payment came back to my account! I've already got what I ordered, so why are the payment funds showing up in my account?
Is there a reason my transfer failed?
How do I input a new address?
I don't know if this is an issue with the ATM or my account, but I just tried withdrawing 30 pounds from the ATM I'm at now and it only gave me 10. Is this a glitch or what exactly is going on?
Do you know where my card will be accepted?
I do not know where the transaction is.
What is the payment in my account that I did not do?
Why am I being charged a fee on a card payment?
Some cash was withdrawn in the app, but I did not do it.
How come I'm not allowed to transfer funds right now? I just keep getting an error message.
can i create my own pin right away
How many years old do I have to be?
The receipient doesn't see my money transfer.
I purchased something abroad and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
how do i add money from my amex card to top up
Why is there a random payment in my statement?
There is a strange payment on my card.
Around one or two weeks ago I purchased something but there's seems to be an issue. I have already received one of the items, but today the money was placed back into my account. What is happening?
Would you give me a mastercard and visa?
They declined my card payment.
I swear that there are 2 payments on the app that I didn't make.  Could my card me stolen?  Please advise what I should do.
Is there something wrong with the transferring functions? I keep trying to transfer funds and only get an error message.
I put money into my account in the form of a cheque, but my balance did not change.
How long does my top up pending last?
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer immediately. I cannot do anything from the app.
I took out cash abroad and the exchange rate isn't correct.
What should I do if I lost my phone?
How do I see my updated balance after I make a cheque or cash deposit?
How long will it be  before the person I sent money to is able to see it?
Is it possible to dispute a debit payment from a couple of months ago.
why was a extra fee added to my account for transfer ?
How can I receive my salary in another currency?
Why did my payment get declined?
My address needs to be changed.
My card stopped working. How do I check if there is a freeze on it?
What do I do if the ATM didn't give me the correct amount I withdrew? I pulled out 30 pounds and the ATM gave me 10 pounds.
I haven't been sent my new pin!
I need to find out what is the limit for top-ups.
What's the refund process?
I'm on holiday and I noticed a different amount for exchange rate.  Can you explain?
I am planning activating my card was it possible?
card is lost, please help
What do you base your exchange rates on?
Can I add money to my account via bank transfer?
My disposable virtual card will not work
I've checked multiple times to make sure the account number listed is the right one after attempting to make a transfer within the country the day before yesterday. The transfer is still not available so can you please find out what is going on?
My app says I withdraw money from my account from an ATM.
How do I link to my credit card with you?
I want to use bank transfer for topping up my account. How is it handled?
Can I have multiple currencies in my account?
I tried topping off my account with a card, but the money is not in my account despite the charge going through
My salary is in GBP, do I need to exchange it before putting it into my account?
Why is my balance the same?  I processed a transfer.
I have a transfer from the US, How long is the wait?
How can receive a physical card
Did my refund go through? It's not on my statement.
How long do bank transfers usually take?
How much does it cost to top up by card?
Where can I use this card at an ATM?
How to cancel a transaction
Why wasn't my card payment accepted?
My wallet was just stolen, and they've already used my card! Please help, I can't afford to lose more money!
What if I type in the wrong PIN too many times?
There is a direct debit transaction on my statement that I think is not mine. How do I remove?
I need to order a new card.
I have made a withdraw from an ATM this last holiday, why is there such a high charge from this transaction?
I have cash deposit to my account but it is experiencing a problem
What countries are getting support?
What do I do if my card is expiring soon?
My friend would like to send me money. What are the options available to them?
When do I get my card PIN?
When my card expires soon, how fast is the replacement card sent and what are the costs?
When I top-up, the app reverts it.
Cash withdrawal was incorrect at ATM.
I got my card now, how do I make it show up in the app?
Can you tell me what the problem with my card is? It was declined at a restaurant today.
Please tell me how to change my pin.
Do I have to use a bank approved ATM to withdraw money?
When I tried to pay for my bus ride, the contactless payment wouldn't work. How can I prevent this in the future?
How old do I have to be?
My phone was stolen yesterday, can you help me with this?
When will I receive my card?
You can do that in just a few seconds. Go to account, hit activate, and follow the directions from there.
How can I verify my identity?
Will you set a limit to my top-up?
Can I get a card in the EU?
What do I do if I see a transaction on my card that I don't recall making?
Any fee for topping up?
Why is my ATM withdrawal still pending?
I need Australian dollars instead of UK currency.
I used my card for a purchase and was charged a fee
How do you do currency exchanges?
My card stopped working after multiple transactions. Why?
What will I need to verify my identity
I think my card payment was cancelled. What happened?
If my card expires next month, will I need to order a new one?
What happens if I forget my PIN?
Show me how to look at the source of my current funds?
I made a bank transfer and the balance hasn't updated yet.
How do I activate and link my new card?
I want to delete my account. How do I do this?
can i go into my app to find my pin
Why am I required to verify my identity?
Why is my identity verification process not working?
What if my top up is reverted?
Whats the maximum number of disposable cards that I can get?
How much does it cost in fees to use your card?
I no longer want this can i cancel my purchase?
Whats the process of tranfering money into an account?
My wallet is empty even though I topped it up an hour ago.
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I am not sure why.
Can someone please explain to me where my source of funds came from?
I didn't get cash from an ATM, but according to the app a transaction was made when i didn't make it.
Are you sure this is the interbank exchange rate? This rate is really bad.
Please put a freeze on my card,  I am worried there has been some payments on it and I don't know what for.
I tried using a foreign currency at an ATM, but the ATM provided me an incorrect rate. Why is that?
Why is there an extra pound charge that is pending?
What are my payment options for topping off my account?
I tried to top up and suddenly my money disappeared
I froze my account, but how do I order a replacement card?
Why isn't my cheque deposit showing on my account?  I though it would be faster and would like to to look into it and help.
I would like to use one of my cards for a family member. Is that allowed?
How do I get my disposable virtual card to work?
I keep trying to make a payment, but it doesn't work.
How long is a delivery to the US?
My transfer was declined
A fee was charged for my recent withdrawal.
i need a refund right away but the funds aren't available in my account
Why is my identification required?
I don't recognize this debit transaction in my billing statement?
daughter needs card, how do i add her
I would like to track a card sent to me, how do I do that?
A transfer to my account was denied.
oh my god I lost my card! what should I do?
Do you offer Visa or Mastercard?
Why am I being charged when I withdraw cash?
Help me check where the funds came from.
Why would you cancel my transfer?
My cash withdrawal shows pending, why?
I bought something and received it, but the payment went back to my account. Is the seller okay?
i need a refund from you because the merchant is refusing, can you do that?
How many tries do I have to enter my pin before I'm blocked?
Is there a specific source that the exchange rate for the transfer I'm planning on making is pulled from?
Would reinstalling the app solve the problem?
I topped up my card but the app rejected it.
Please provide details on how to top up my account using transfer option
What do I do if my top-up has not gone through?
Can I see the source of my available money?
Seems like my top up has been cancelled
Will I get charged fees when I add money with an international card?
going to need a new card what are the fees and time it takes
I sent money and the recipient has not received their money after two weeks.
I could only take the amount of money that was available to me which was less then I expected.
Do all ATMs take this card?
What does a 'pending payment' mean?
How do I replace my card before it expires?
Is there a way to track my card?
Where can I locate my card PIN?
I believe my card has been compromised as there's a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
I was charged extra when I made a cash withdraw, why?
Can I link your physical card
Where do I have access to a virtual card?
I tried to use the ATM today but it would not accept my card.
How do I link my new card?
In my statement there is a payment that is I do not recognize
Can you tell me about the exchange fee?
I have an unfamiliar direct debit in my statement.
Please cancel the latest ATM charge on my card as my card was declined earlier today and I did not receive that cash.
Why won't my card accept any transactions?
I need to terminate my account.
What are the top-up fees?
I got a €1 extra fee in my statement
Why is my 'top up' not showing up in my wallet?
I moved and would like to change my address.
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not make by me .Never seen that it before.
Why is there a direct debit I didn't make showing in the app?
I left my phone somewhere and can't use the app.
lost my phone, dont want others to use it.
I made a mistake and performed a transaction on the wrong account!
Can I re-link a lost card with the app?
Why am I charged a fee for getting cash?
There's a direct debit I wish to dispute
I have used this account overseas recently. Has there been an increase in fees that I am unaware of?
Needed gas, been delayed for half an hour.Please fix it!
What type of ATMs accept this card?
I was attempting to top up with my card but the money has vanished!
Please give me both Visa and MasterCard, is it possible?
I need to cancel a purchase I made.
I need a fast transfer from China?  How fast will it be?
There's a cash withdrawal on my account that I didn't make
Unsure how to provide my identity.
I would like to get a Visa card
Am I allowed to carry an additional card?
Why did I get charged for withdrawing cash?
How long does it take for the money to show up in my account?
I sent a transfer and it has been pending for awhile. How long will it stay pending?
What kind of money can I hold?
I have an American Express that I'd like to add money to my account with.
I purchased this item and would like a refund
My transfer didn't complete. Why can't I access funds?
Help my verify my id.
How can I transfer money to my account?
What ATMs take this card?
Can you provide me a disposable virtual card?
What is the cost for currency exchanges?
My account was charged twice for one purchase
what is the exchange rate for foreign ATMs
Does a US transfer take long
When will I be able to see the refund
What are the current exchange rates?
my payment was rejected
I need to verify my source of funds
Canceling my order is what I need to do right now.
I deposited cash this morning, but it's not showing up in my account. Can you tell me where's my money?
I need a new card, my current card is nearly expired.
why is there a fee for a payment on my card?
How can I find out where my contactless works?
My statement indicates I made a payment to an unfamiliar merchant.
How come I got charged extra for withdrawing cash?
Why has my card payment been reversed?
Why doesn't the app believe I am who I say I am?
I was declined when trying to withdrawal cash!
Three months ago I bought a new house for my cat, fluffy.  Unfortunately Fluffy was not a fan of the house and it had to be returned to Pet Smart last week.  They said they have sent a refund but it's not there, can you tell me where it is?
Good day, in reviewing my credit card activity over the last several days, I see a repeated charge for a restaurant that I went to. The charge was put through twice, so I would like one of the charges corrected and the amount that was withdrawn to be reinstated please.
I need to cancel my recent transfer immediately, I made a mistake there, please help quickly before it goes through
Who should I talk to or go to resolve a duplicate charge on my statement?
I don't recognise a card payment
Why was I charged $1 in a transaction?
Do I have to go to an actual bank to change my PIN?
Show me please how to reset my passcode.
Why isn't a refund showing on my statement?
Does my top up and apple pay work together?
Where can I find out the fee structure for my account? I have been charged fees for some transactions, but not for other ones. I can't find a pattern in these fees.
how do i see what i transferred
What do you use disposable cards on?
I'm not sure what I need to verify my identity.
Why was I declined from getting cash?
I made a bank transfer earlier from my UK account.  I don't see it yet, can you check the status?
I need an actual card that I can hold in my hand, how do I do that?
How can I fund another account with my American Express?
I want to change my PIN - do I need to be in a bank?
Can you tell me why my transfer declined?
What documents do I need to validate my identity?
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington swallowed my card. How do I get it back?
The amount of time that transfers usually take from a UK account is what?I just completed a transfer and it is not showing up at all. I'm wondering at this point if everything is actually okay.
The exchange rates are?
I withdrew  money from the ATM and was overcharged.  It said nothing about an extra fee.
What fees apply when using a card?
Do I pay a fee for SEPA transfers?
My card is not working at stores.
What do you charge for physical cards?
The purchase I made is still pending.
Is it possible to go ahead and log in, although I have not been confirmed yet?
Can I do a SWIFT transfer?
Why won't my top up work
Why has my transfer not arrived yet?
I want to order another crad
What country's money can I hold currency in?
Why is your exchange rate for my card payment wrong
The amount of cash I requested to withdrawal did not match what I received when exchanged
How do I request a disposable virtual card?
This company is bad, please delete my account.
Can you please explain disposable virtual cards for me?
Hi, I have an apple watch. How do I use it to top up my card?
I think I want AUD and not GBP, can you help?
Why won't the machine accept my card anymore?
Explain to me how to verify the top-up card.
How many days does a transfer from the US take?
Help! I need to cancel a transaction.
This card is accepted by what businesses?
Can I cancel a transfer
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's happenning with this, does someone has access to my card?!
Is there a reason why there is an extra £1 charge on my account?
Is my country's currency supported by your system?
How do I order another card?
Why was I charged for transferring money?
Why do I get declined when I try to withdraw cash?
After trying to update my account balance yesterday by cheque it doesn't seem to working. Shouldn't the process be quicker? I need my account looked at because there appears to be a problem.
What do I do if my card was stolen.
If I find a card I lost do I need to dispose of it? Or can I re-active the card and continue to use it?
Why do i have an extra fee on my statement?
How can I obtain a disposable virtual card?
Where do I go to get my new card linked?
I got a strange fee when I used the ATM.
I made a cash withdrawal and it is still listed as a pending transaction.
I forgot the code I need to get into the app.
The ATM keeps declining my card. I tried at a couple different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's a problem with my account?
What on earth is up with the exchange rate! This should have been a much higher amount of cash
My card doesn't seem to work.
Hey, my card was declined at an ATM in the city centre theatre. My account says the transaction is pending, though. I didn't get the money, though, so what does that mean?
Is there a fee for sending additional cards?
Help me activate my card.
can i get a card if I live in the usa?
Can I get paid in another currency?
How do I verify my ID?
Hello I made a bank transfer couple hours ago from my UK account but it doesn't show up yet. Can you please check if everything is alright with it?
I need to make several disposable cards per day.
How do I find out where my funds came from?
What places will accept my card for payment?
How do I retrieve my card from the machine?
Where is the auto top-up option?
I think someone else is using my card.  There are transactions I didn't make.
Why is it taking so long for my pending transaction to post as cleared?
Will you handle EUR?
Who can send me money?
I tried to make a transfer but it failed
What are my bank details so I can do a transfer?
My transfer did not work, what was the reason?
I desperately need to top-up my card, so why is it being declined? Can you solve this for me? I need to use my card immediately!
If I need more cards, are there any fees?
I tried to do a transfer but I got a message that it was declined.
How long do top-ups take to go through
I tried to withdraw cash and got declined, why is that?
why do i have to verify top up?
When will my top-up go through?
I bought something in another currency, but the exchange rate was incorrect.
Can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
Where can the pin be located?
Please give me a Mastercard instead.
I requested a refund from a seller a while ago, but when I check my statements it doesn't show up. Can you help me get my refund.
My card payment did not complete.
Help me use American Express to add money to the account.
The card PIN?
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but I was denied
My top-up was reverted by the app.
My work sends me all over the world, can I get a discount for all the money I have to exchange?
Where can I withdrawal my money?
Do you support all cards and currencies?
My identity wasn't verified
My disposable card seems not to be working am I doing something wrong?
What is the delivery time for US?
Will you charge me more if I top up with an international card?
I have a transaction showing multiple times.
Why am I being charged a hidden fee?
is there a way to do top up with cash deposit
Do I need to verify my identity to use my account?
What about an auto top-up, is that a option?
Why is my exchange rate wrong for an item I bought?
I think my phone is either lost or stolen.
How can I get my PIN unblocked?
How do I top-up using cash?
How can I delete my account?
What currencies are available for my use in holding and exchange?
If someone sends me money, will I be charged?
How do I go about ordering another card?
What does my daughter need to open an account?
Explain pending transactions.
Can my daughter also have a card issued in her name, but linked to my account?
I sent some money to somebody a couple of hours ago, and they still have yet to receive it.  They really need the money, how much longer are they going to have to wait?
In regards to the PIN of the card?
How do I check security settings on my card?
I no longer live at my address on file, how do I change it?
Why isn't my top up working using my saved American Express in ApplePay?
This isn't fair! I thought transfers could be made for free. I just made  a purchase online from abroad and now see some strange fee that I've never seen before.
Tell me if there are any top-up limits?
How come I can't put money in my top up account?
I need to know where I can withdraw money.
Which one are you?  Visa or Mastercard?
how come my withdrawal rate is wrong for my cash withdrawal
Why is the exchange rate different on my recent purchase?
Do you have any accounts for children ?
Could I get a mastercard if that's reasonable?
Are the delivery days flexible?  My schedule only allows me to be a available on specific dates.
Is there a limit to top-ups?
I think somebody made an unauthorized copy of my card.  My account has a cash withdrawal for 500£ that I did not make.  Please help.
When my card expires do you send a new card?
I keep trying to use my card to buy some things and you keep declining it. Why? I've tried multiple times to make it go through but it won't.
Please send me a disposable virtual card.
I notice there's a pending payment on my card.
where can i deposit a check
Is going to a bank only way to change my PIN?
How do I know if i need a disposable card?
Let me know the steps for the identity checks
What US cards do you accept?  I only have 1 other.
What is needed to activate my card?
The ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash today when I went to withdraw. The app says it was more.
It is urgency. Please freeze my card now. As someone in some odd remote town has withdrawn some money by using my card. As i did not withdraw any money.
What do I need to do in order to use my card I just got?
Can i change my PIN at the ATM?
How long is the delivery to the US?
How can I close my account, I don't want it.
I've lost track of my phone or someone stole it.
I made a purchase recently but I have decided that I'm not buying it and I need to receive my money back. Can you please give me a refund ASAP. It's extremely urgent.
Tell me how to renew my new card?
Who can request disposable cards?
Hi, i was checking my old statements and found a discrepancy with a large amount transaction. I am sure it was not done by me. Please let me know if i could raise a dispute as its very late.
i cannot get virtual card to work
Can I use a Visa or Mastercard?
How do i cancel my transaction?
I have a card that expires in the coming month, do I have to specifically ask for the updated card?
How can I check if I have received a refund if it is not yet on my statement?
What type of deposits do you accept into my account?
How long until transfers from Europe go through?
I am waiting for the money to enter my account. How long does it take?
Why hasn't my transfer from Europe gone through?
I couldn't make a transfer
I am worried that too much time has gone by for a transfer to be completed.
Is it possible to have both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
I need my card now!
I cannot withdraw money from the ATM
Would it be possible to get another card?
Can it specifically be delivered on a certain date?
What should I do if I can't use my card?
I made a cash deposit almost a week ago but it's still not there!! please sort this out asap I need the money
My beneficiary is not allowed?  Why?
What is the verification process for my card?
I don't understand why you aren't accepting my transfer. After a couple times trying I'm still getting an error message.
Why has my top up been returned?
how do I find the code to verify the top up card?
I recently deposited a cheque and cannot find the cash from it.
My passcode is not being accepted
Where is the card PIN located?
How much is a physical card?
Can I get a card even though I live in the US
i tried to make a transfer to a beneficiary and it didn't go through
Can I have a spare card for this account please?
How can I dispute a debit transaction?
Where can I see where funds came from?
When should I receive my virtual card?
Can I get a Visa or does it have to be something else.
How can I make my card show up in the app?
Why isn't my deposit in my account?
Hello, there was an error while attempting top-up with my card this morning. I was able to use the card two days ago with no issues. Could you please assist?
How long does it take to activate the card, as it does not look like its working?
What currencies will this app exchange?
I did a transfer to my account, but it hasn't shown up
How long does it take for a transfer to be in my account?
Which cards and currencies do you support?
I need to order a  new card, mine is about to expire and I need to know how much it will cost and how long until I receive it.
How come there is a $1 extra charge on my statement?
How can I go about getting a refund?
How do I link a new card to an existing one?
Can you explain the virtual cards limit?
My card suddenly quit working.
Can I use my virtual card for recurring monthly payments?
I want to get few more physical cards
What countries can I use your services?
Will any business take this card?
I would like to use the bank transfer feature, but I can't find it. Can you please give me the details?
My card payment was cancelled.  Why?
Hello, I have tried using crypto top up but it is not working. I had some money in my account but I'm not sure what happened
Am I allowed to hold money in multiple currencies?
Do you allow exchanges of EUR?
Why was I charged multiple times for the same thing?
How long do I have to wait for a transfer from the US?
What's the process for exchanges?
I got double charged from something, what can I do?
I didn't initiate a direct debit that I see on my account
Why didn't the ATM give me my money?
Someone might have had access to my card.
do I need anything for the identity check?
The app reverted my top up
I want to transfer money. How do I do that for my account?
I was using foreign currency at an ATM, but the rate was typed in wrong.
Can I have my card delivered on Tuesday?
How do I obtain a disposable virtual card?
Can I edit my personal details?
How do I update my PIN to a new number?
Where can I go to get my PIN unblocked?
I thought I would have received my new card at this point.
Can I use my card in Austria?
Tell me how I can exchange between different currency.
I got cash abroad and need to check the exchange rate
I would like to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
I am attempting to make a purchase online, but my card is not working.  I know there are funds available, is this an issue on the banks end?
Why is a money transfer not showing?
Is there any way to see my card in the app?
Can I hold money in multiple currencies?
I'm concerned about a payment that has recently been made on my card.  I do not recognize the name that the transaction went to, can you help me?
why was i chargged
Cancelling a transaction
My credit card was just denied for top up! Can you tell me why this happened and what's going on?
What can I expect at card expiration?
It seems my top up is reverted?
I could not get money from an ATM
is there a charge on withdrawals?
My card has been lost / stolen
I got notified that my top up has been reverted. Why?
It seems I need to get information on limits for top-ups.
Is it possible to get a physical card?
where can I get the info for my funds
Why isn't my payment showing?
I don't know how to verify my identity.
Will you reinstate my PIN?
Your top-up function isn't working, it still says pending even though I know my card works.
I made a top up yesterday but it's still pending.
Will I be charged if I use European bank card for top up?
I tried to deposit a cheque into my account and it is not letting me.
Can somebody else top up my account?
I believed crypto top up with something you offered. This does not seem to be working. The money has been removed from my account though so what's going on?
I don't understand why you want so much of my personal info.
I am having a problem with verifying my identity.
What cards and currencies do you support?
What is the purpose for the identity check
do i need to wait for my card before i get pin
Would I be able to refund an item?
Can I use any currency to add money?
I wish to use my American Express to put funds into my account.
I sent money to someone but they haven't gotten it, what's going on?
Are the top-ups limited?
What is the maximum for auto top-up?
How do I make my virtual card work?
how do i get top up with cash deposit
A cash withdrawal is showing up that I didn't do.
I am dissatisfied, I would like to close my account.
Where is the card I ordered 2 weeks ago?
Where can I withdraw money from?
I can't freeze my account as I need the card as I am traveling, how do I change my pin?
Why is this not letting me exchange crypto? I need help making this transaction go through.
I made an ATM withdrawal over the holiday and then later realized I was charged an exorbitant fee!  I never would've made this withdrawal if I'd known I'd be charged so much.
Hello! I randomly got charged an extra fee today as i was shopping online and i have no idea why! Are there extra fees for card payments? Or am i missing something here?
What cards do you accept to top up my account?
I want to return an item for a refund can I do that?
My bag got stolen with all my cards. Can you please cancel my card and send a new one?
I sent a transfer to a friend that needs it urgently. It has already been 2 hours and still hasn't come through to her. How long does it normally take?
You accepts my card?
There has been a payment  in the App that has not be done by me.
I am having a slight problem with my American express in apple play, can you help me fix the problem with top up?
I need a second card on this account for my daughter.
My card is stuck in the ATM?
I want to link my new card. Can you help?
Hi, I was just checking over my card transactions and notice I was charged twice for a restaurant visit this week. Can you please remove one of these false charges from my account?
I thought I lost my card but I found it today, so I would like to reactivate it.
I have a confusing payment appear on my statement and I don't recognise it!
What is the time for a transfer?
Why won't you let me name X as a beneficiary?
Can my children get an account?
I've been waiting since Friday, where is my money?
I believe a wrong exchange rate was applied towards a cash transaction I made abroad.
The transfer that I was trying to complete was declined. What was the cause?
What is the first step I need to make for being able to access my account?
I was only given $20 after trying to withdraw $100
Its been 3 days, How long will my transfer take to get to my wallet?
Why cant I send money to a beneficiary?
Can a friend top up my account
atm refused to give me money
What is the verification code for my top up card?
Can I use top-up with Apple pay?
Do you have to be 18 to make an account?
A transaction on my card shows as pending.
I sent money to a person and they haven't received the payment yet.
Please delete my account immediately.
Is there a reason my transfer would have been declined?
I would like to know the countries you are offer services in?
Can I exchange between GBP and USD on the app?
I AM MISSING CASH FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT ACCORDING TO MY APP
There is a payment that is not mine.
I transferred 7,000 to a receiver outside the EU and they received a lesser amount than what I sent, Unfortunately, now I must send an additional transfer to the receiver so that they can receive the full amount I initially sent.  I'm not sure why they received a lesser amount than what I initially sen, but can you please look into this and let me know what happened?
I would like to order a virtual card.
WHY IS THERE AN EXTRA FEE FOR USING THE ATM??!!!
How do I change my AUD into GBP?
Am I able to add money into my account using my American Express?
I was wrongfully charged one pound.
Is there a charge for a physical card?
the transfer went through but now it has been pending for quite a while. i need this to go through already
I need help as fast as possible! I made a mistake on my most recent transfer; can you please stop it before it goes through?
Is a physical charge extra
Is there a fee for physical cards?
Why would my transfer be declined?
I made a mistake with a transaction!
There's something wrong on my bill. A transfer fee should never have been added.
Which countries are you available in?
Why am I required to do an identity check?
How do I get to the virtual cards?
I'm not sure how to complete the identity checks process.
Hello, My money went through for my purchase but now I got contacted from the seller noting that they didn't receive it. Then the money was returned to my account and I'm not sure why this occurred. So if you can resolve this issue please.
virtual card won't work for me
Is there an auto top-up option?
What time will a transfer from the US take?
Hi, I am new to this. Are there any additional fees or charges that I should be aware of? I was looking through the app and I thought I saw something in regards to fee-free allowances.
Is there a problem that makes my payments show pending?
Where do I top up?
Why are you keeping my money from me by declining my card? What is going on?
I want to start using my card.
Am I able to do a SWIFT transfer with you?
How do I troubleshoot when contactless doesn't work?
Something is wrong with my top up and I can't see it. How do I find it?
I don't know what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have checked over the recipient details twice. These details are all correct.
Won't let me top my card up!! Who can get it sorted out for me? It's urgent! How do I find out what the problem is with my card and how else to top it up?
Why do we need to verify top-up?
There is a fee I don't recognize on my statement.
Show me the amount of transactions I can do with a disposable card.
i was supposed to get a refund but my balance hasn't changed, why not?
Next time maybe let people know that buying things from another country costs extra. I used my card to purchase an item from another country and I was charged for the item and also an extra fee it looks like. I wasnt aware of this and I think I should get a refund.
I need to top up, can I use google pay?
Could you tell me about the restrictions that are on the disposable cards?
My card's expiring a month from now, should I place an order for the new card?
What number of times can I top-up?
There is an extra charge on my app that I was not told about or I was aware of!
I'm locked out of my account as I can't remember my code, what do I do now?
What is the extra €1 on my statement for?
What do I have to do to get my virtual card?
The exchange rate was incorrect for this item I bought.
How can I add physical money to my card?
May I get an account for my daughter?
I want to change my name.
I could not get my card to work at a shop.
Can it add money automatically while travelling
I would like to change my pin.
This is frustrating, I'm at work and my transfers are not going through. I keep getting an error message, I do not have time for this.
I am on vacation in Spain and need to change my pin.
My cash withdrawal shows as pending still.
I topped off my card is that something you will charge me for?
When exchanging currencies, is there an extra fee?
Help me with my contactless which isn't working.
How can I unblock a blocked pin number for my account?
I ordered a card but it has not arrived. Help please!
Is the verification number on the top up card
How long will it take for the money to reach my account?
Why did I have to pay more when I do it with my card?
I think someone has access to my card numbers that shouldn't.
is there a foreign currencies charge?
im so mad right now. theres several charges that I think my x boyfriend made on my card. the companys on the website wouldn't refund me my money, they told me to contact my bank. DO something please.
I have a card that was deactivated can I reactivate it?
I need some help with identity verification.
I have been waiting for my card payment to be moved from pending status for an unusually long time.  What is going on here and do you have an idea of when I can expect it to go through?
My salary is received in the form of GBP. Is it necessary to configure this? If so, where is this done?
What do I do if I got the wrong amount at the ATM?
I just made a transfer from a UK account. How long does that typically take to show up? I just want to make sure it worked alright.
Could you please tell me why my card payment didn't work?
I need to verify my identity. How do I do that?
I see an unfamiliar payment on my statement.
I am locked out from entering my pin.
How much time do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it fast. It's been hours, and the money has not gone through.
I wasn't able to use my top up card because the money I put on there wasn't there anymore
I will need to exchange currencies frequently, will I be able to get a discount?
What countries can I use my account in?
I made a withdrawal from my account but it has not posted?
I am having trouble finding the top-up card verification code.
Please verify my source of funds.
My phone was stolen, what should I do?
I am just waiting on the completion of the transaction.
I double checked that I have the correct account details , they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. What should be done now?
from where are coming your exchange rates?
How do I change GBP to AUD?
I am in desperate need to transfer funds from another account that i have into this one, how do i do that?
My daughter would like a card as well, how can we make this happen?
Why aren't my payment funds available to me?
It looks like my card payment was sent back.
can you assist me in activating my card?
Where is my top-up verification code?
Somebody used my card to make a purchase
I can't find my phone but it has all my credit card information.
How do I go about setting up an account for my daughter?
Can I top up online?
What countries are you available in?
Money transfer help? How long?
my exchange rate looks wrong for my last payment
how can i transfer money from american express card
I tried making an update to my balance using cheque just yesterday but it doesn't appear to have worked. Should this not be a faster process? I need you to please check over my account because something has went wrong.
How do I make my PIN work again?
When I was transferring money I was charged extra why?
Why was I charged an extra fee from the ATM?
I have my card now how do I activate it?
If I want to add funds to the account using American Express, how do I do that?
I'm not quite understanding why my cash withdrawal is showing as pending.
Why could my transfer have been declined?
Why was my card charged when topping off my balance but it's not showing up in my wallet balance?
Do I have to pay more for exchanges?
why have I got a pending transfer? I'm confused!!
How do I activate a card I received?
Am I able to open an account for my children?
I am having some difficulty verifying my id.
A seller is stating that they haven't received money yet when the money has already deducted from my account.
Is it possible for me to give my daughter a second card for this account?
I do not remember purchasing anything for 1£, and it is on my statement. Can you please tell me what that is about?
Why, when paying with the card, was I charged an extra fee?
help me find where this money came from
Can someone please assist me with finding my nearest ATM?
The transfer keeps failing , I tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, Would you please check the issue?
Why am I unable to withdrawal cash?
for god sake, just delete my account i am sick of this
I need to know the time frame that is typical for a transfer from a UK account. I just made a transfer and it doesn't appear. I want to make sure everything is okay.
I need to figure out what these charges are on my account. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get all of this money back? Also, I need to freeze my card.
My card has been stolen what do I do?
My account balance has not updated to reflect my recent transfer.
Which fiat currencies are supported by you?
Will I be able to get both a visa and a mastercard?
I want to revert a transaction I did
The money disappeared after I topped up my account.
I don't think that my top-up worked.
Can you tell me where I can order a virtual card?
How long until transfers complete?
Can I get a new card?
Where am I able to use the card?
I need to cancel my card that got stolen a little while ago. Someone has already taken some money out and I don't want them to take anymore. Can you please do that?
Which countries are you in?
My card has been declined by two separate ATM, and I'm worried something is wrong with my account. Would you please see if my account is okay?
How do you decide what the exchange rates are?
Why is the transaction not posting?
I have a contactless that's broken.
Hi there, I've tried to make a transfer 5 different times and its not working. Is your system down or something?
I'm not sure if my pop-up went through.
I need support options, I want to top my card
i asked for 100 only got 80
I need to delete my account.
I got cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received the cash?
Is it possible to hold money in multiple currencies?
My account balance has not gone up even though I just transferred money into it
Can this be used to receive my salary?
I was double charged, and the second charge is showing as "pending". How long will it be before I get my money back once the second charge has been refunded?
Can you tell me what i steps i should take since my card was stolen?
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working?
What do I do if I can't access the app?
There is a cash withdrawal transaction that I am unsure of.
How do I get money from an ATM using my card? I can't seem to get it to work? I used the pin I had, but maybe it's wrong? What do I need to do to fix this?
I made a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending" in the account. How long will this payment take to complete?
How can I prove who I am?
How do I link the new card that I just got from you guys?
Can I change my PIN online?
I think there's been an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account.
I want to open an account for my children
I have a problem!  The ATM stole my card!
Why was my transfer stopped ?
Why are you charging me a transfer fee?
Where can I edit personal details?
Problem with my top up going through
I deposited some money, but the balance has not changed.
What fiat money can I used in the exchange and holding?
What types of cards and money do you accept?
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiery?
Why isn't my card working?
Why was I not able to take cash from the ATM?
On my app I can see that a direct debit payment that I didn't do, appears.
I need to cancel a transaction on my debit card.
I noticed a duplicate charge on my statement.
I made a bank transfer a couple of hours ago from my UK account.  It hasn't appeared, can you check to make sure it went through?
How long do cheques take to post to your account?
Will the system automatically update once there is no more money left?
I made a mistake when sending a payment, sending it to the wrong account number (with a typo) - can you please cancel the transaction?
Explain the card PIN to me.
Do you accept all cards and currencies?
Do you offer auto top ups?
I am awaiting my refund
Please tell me, do you use Visa or Mastercard?
Is it possible to reactivate the card I thought I lost but found this morning in my jacket?
Where can I locate my PIN at?
Need help with a stolen card.
Can I get a new card with new expiration date in China?
I don't recognize some of the transactions on my card, I think someone must have gotten my card info and used it.
I got declined when attempting a transfer
Please let me know how to place an order for a virtual card
What is the cost for an exchange fee?
How do I add my card to the app once I get it?
My account is locked because I used the wrong pin too many times.  Please help.p
I did a payment but it was reverted by the app
What is your opinion on the exchange rate?
I cannot seem to use my card.
Is there a money transfer fee?
How long does it take for a transfer to get to a recipient?
Hello. Can you help figure out why the recent transfer from my UK bank account isn't showing up?
Why would an ATM swallow my card?
My client was converting their Russian ruble into UK pound currency when they noticed their bill was much too high for the exchange. What happened?
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.
How would my friend be able to send me money?
Is there a limit when using auto top-up?
Can you explain disposable cards?
Please provide me a list of ATMs that accept my card.
I would like it if I could get an item refunded
how long dies it take for transfers to reflect on my balance
What stipulations do disposable cards entail?
Transfer was declined, could not complete request.
I'm having a hard time proving my identity.
I recently bought something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect. Why?
I deposited a cheque, but the balance hasn't changed yet.
The app reverted after I topped-up
Where is my PIN number located?
How does someone else top up my account
I could not get a top-up to work, why?
Can cards be delivered? Where?
I can't use my card because it is not working.
I think someone stole my card number and brought stuff in different places that I have never been to. I need to suspend any further purchase on my credit card.
There is a payment in the App that is not mine.
A transaction I did to my friend hasn't arrived yet, why?
Where is the transaction I made to a friend?
Do you provide currency exchange to Euros?
Why did I get charged for a transfer?
I think the exchange rate for my for my cash withdrawal is wrong
I accidentally made a transaction to the wrong account.
How long will it take to get to me?
I see my top-up was canceled, but why?
My card is about to expire.  Where do I get a new one.
do you have a fee for receiving a SEPA transfer?
Can I change my pin number at a cash machine?
I was blocked by using the wrong pin too many times, can you help me?
whats your exchange rate
Can I use the card at any cash machine?
Is there any documentation needed for the identity check?
How to verify top up card?
Can i receive transfers from my employer to this account?
What do I use to verify my identity?
You did not apply the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
I'm being asked for a verification code. Where do I find it?
Hello, I tried to take some cash out of the ATM but I looked at my statement and it still shows that it's pending. Is the machine broken? Will I receive my money back or will I be charged for this?
What is the limit on disposable cards?
I have an unauthorized charge.
Why is my transfer not showing
$1 charge in transaction.
IS there anywhere that a card cannot be delivered?
My account shows a direct debit charge that I have never seen before
My card payment has been cancelled
My source of funds require verification.
How can I activate my card so I can start using it?
How do I query a payment on my card? It looks like I have paid for the same thing twice.
My recent transfer didn't go through - why not?
Is verifying my identify important?
I need to use my disposable card multiple times a day, is there a cutoff limit?
I have to verify my source of funds.
If my card becomes expired what can I do?
Is a bank transfer acceptable for topping up my account?
Is there a reason I was charged an extra fee for using the ATM?
What is the formula for your exchange rate?
I need a new card before it expires.
Is there an age limit for opening an account?
I sent money for my rent to my landlord but she is claiming it hasn't arrived in her account  Can you trace the transfer I made to make sure it arrived so I can provide proof I sent it and that it has been deposited?
I am not able to prove my identity
This past holiday I made a withdraw at the ATM machine, and it seems I've been charged too much.
Are currency exchanges free?
How long does it take for money to transfer?
My card stopped working
What is this strange payment in my account?
Is there restrictions on where I can use my card?
What is your age limit?
You did not give me the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
It will be fine to use at any establishment that accepts Mastercard.
Can you help with a transfer to an account
What exchange rate will I receive?
Why is there an uknown charge showing on my account?
I want to change my pin number from an ATM. Is this possible?
Is it possible to refund an item?
What should I do to top up using my Apple Watch?
why isnt my cash withdrawal showing
Google Pay Top up isn't working
My app is showing a payment that I know I did not do. Can you please cancel that transaction and credit my account please?
What's the closest place to withdraw money?
something is wrong with my exchange rate charge
Why was I charged extra on my app?
what currencies can i exchange between on your app?
where can I find the auto-top up option?
I need to refund my item, can you please help?
I need help to resolve mix up on my card payment. My account shows the money was taken out and then put back in the account. Then I received a message from the seller, It said that they did not get my payment.
The exchange rate is incorrect for my cash withdrawal transaction.
For some reason I forgot the passcode I have.
What information do I need to see my source of money?
When will you be taking orders for disposable virtual cards?
In which countries does your app work
I'm having issues with my card. You guys keep declining it for some reason. I haven't had any issues up until this point. What is going on? I've tried a handful of times with the same, unfortunate, result!
how to activate card?
How far is the closest ATM from me?
I'm having trouble proving my identity
Why did I have to pay an additional amount when using my card to pay?
How to edit personal details?
Why was I charged this extra fee while doing a transfer?
I need to update my phone number.
Please help me.  My disposable virtual card won't work right.
I am unable to use my card.
does it cost to exchange currencies?
I need a second card, can I have more than one?
Can I use my card at any ATMs?
When I used one of the ATMs in the city centre today, I tried to take out some money, but for whatever reason, the machine declined my card. Just checked it out in my account and that amount is still showing as pending! Is there any way that you can cancel this transaction, because I did not receive any money whatsoever from the ATM
Can I auto-top up?  How do I do it?
Why isn't my card working? I was pumped to use my new card but it keeps getting declined. Help please.
An ATM machine didn't give me back my card.
I have been waiting longer than expected for my bank card, could you provide information on when it will arrive?
Using international ATMs messes up the exchange rate.
Please specify any limitations that come along with disposable cards.
Can I get a card even if I live outside the UK?
What should I do since my card is trapped in the ATM?
I tried activating my card and it doesn't work how do I solve this problem?
I just have one other card from the US. Is that okay?
How can I use American Express to add funds to my account?
Hello. I tried doing a topup and I thought it worked, but now the money is no longer in my account. Can you explain?
Do you offer multiple cards for the same account?
I still haven't received my card in the mail
I might have been charged on my debit statement by fraud.
How can I deposit money to my account?
I can't make any transfers, they won't go through, the details are correct as I checked them.  Can you look in to this please?
What are the charges for recieving SEPA transfers?
I used an ATM and there was an extra charge.
Who charged me a fee for paying by card?
I made a mistake and need to cancel a transaction
Do you accept other currencies besides US Dollars?
Are extra charges added for sending out additional cards?
I have not received my pin yet
Why was my exchange rate a different amount than usual?
How to exchange my currency
Which merchants accept my card?
Can you please explain why the exchange rate for the item I bought is wrong?
I would like to get an account for my child.
I recently transferred some cash, but the balance has not changed.
What are the policies of disposable cards?
What foreign exchange rate will I get on weekdays and on the weekends?
How do i top up my google pay?
Can I create a disposable virtual card?
My card couldn't complete a transfer, why?
I bought this item and was charged the wrong amount can I get a refund?
Delete this account!
what is this charge i didnt do it what can i do
How to a go about ordering a disposable virtual card?
I would like some help getting a refund back from a seller. It still isn't showing up on my statement and I requested this a long time ago. I'm not sure why it's not returned yet. Can you assist me in getting this money back?
Can I pick between Visa and Mastercard?
Transfer has failed.
How do I use a check to top up?
How long does it take for a transfer to finish pending?
Why did you give me so little currency?
There was just a withdrawal but it wasn't me, I've never even visited the town where the withdrawal happened.
Will I need a new card or can I put my old card back into the app?
Is it possible to cancel a transaction?
Is this app capable of exchanging currencies?
I completed a money transaction but the recipient hasn't received it
What's go on, where is my new card?
Can you tell me what to do to reset my passcode?
I did not make this payment that I see in the App.
How long is the wait for my card?
Is there a way to reset the passcode?
I noticed that there's a payment on my card that's pending.
I have been waiting over a week. Is the card still coming?
what is the most i can top up?
Yikes!  I didn't get the amount of money that I requested.  What do I do now?
Why do you need to know so much about me for my account?
Can I use this to receive my salary?
I asked for a refund last week but nothing has happened yet, can you help me please?
What steps do I have to take to activate my card?
I received a different amount of cash than what I entered.
Is there a limit for top ups?
How do i verify my card?
Can I transfer money to my credit card?
why isnt my account allowing transfers
The app is not able to realize that it is me.
When will a transfer reach my account?
2 weeks ago I ordered my new card.  It isn't here.  What should I do?
I am still waiting for a refund
What do I have to do to get my PIN unblocked?
Why could I not get cash?
I need to know why my credit card was declined for top up? What is the deal here and why did it not go through?
I use this card all the time so why did it get declined at the store today?
Where is my card accepted?
I tried to top up but the app rejected it.
May I receive a different card pin
How much would an extra card cost?
How long will my cash withdrawal take
Someone may have made an error in figuring out the rate of exchange.  I should have received more cash than I did on my most recent withdrawal.
My card won't let me withdraw money.
how much does it cost to add money to my card
What is the process for activating my card?
I thought transfers were free, why was I charged a fee?
I have a direct debit I didn't make
Mastercard is preferred to me.
Why am I charged a fee for using my card on some purchases?
Hey i need help urgently. I just realised I sent my payment to the wrong account number, there is a typo! Please cancel it immediately, I can't do it anymore from the app
How long does it take for a purchase to go from pending to authorised?
I would like to dispute a direct debit transaction
Why am I being charged to transfer funds?
I was retrieving money and my card wouldn't remove.
Are contactless payments enabled on my new card?
I have arranged a transfer, but no longer need to send it. How do I stop the transfer?
How come I have pending transfers?
Hey there's a fee for a transfer on my account.  Why?!
When I received my cash; they had my exchange rate incorrect.
Why is it taking so long for a transfer to complete!
What countries are supported?
Can you see my new balance yet?
Is there an option to top up with a cheque?
Why did the ATM give me less money than what I requested?
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that its not mine
How is the PIN delivered?
I can't get google pay to work right.
I tried to transfer money but it didn't go through
My PIN was blocked.
What are the cards and currencies that are supported?
What US credit cards do you accept?
Can I mail in a check to top up?
We want to start a college fund for my daughter.
Is there anyway, I can get a disposable virtual card?
I'm looking to get an additional card.
the product is not working, can I get a refund?
Is it possible to get a transfer from SWIFT?
Why am I being charged a fee for using my card? If there is some print out of places that charge me can you please send me that?
I couldn't use my contactless this morning, it wasn't accepted.
Can I get one of your cards in the EU
What are the reasons for a declined transfer?
How much are the fees for adding funds using an international card?
Where can I use my Mastercard?
I transferred money and was charged and want to know why.
I want to reset my passcode, how can I do that?
Why on earth is the exchange rate so bad?   Can I get a rate closer to the actual interbank rate?
How do you determine the exchange rate?
Why will my transfer not go through?!  Keep getting an error message.
What can I do if my passcode won't work?
Where can I do a cash withdrawal?
How can I top up my Google Pay?
I need to freeze my card. There are charges on there that i did not authorize. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get this money back?
pending transaction?
There is unusual activity on my account and I believe someone took my card.
My card has been compromised
Help me. My transfer was declined. How could this happen?
A few hours ago I made a bank transfer from my UK account but I don't see that it has arrived.   Can you check and see if all is ok please?
I went to the Notting Hill ATM to use my card the first time for a cash withdrawal but it didn't work. Does this mean that my card isn't working yet?
The day before yesterday, I performed a transfer within the country. It still has not completed. Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
How do I get a new card sent to China?
Hi, I have done a topup, but my money was reverted. Please look into this issue.
About two days ago now, I made a transfer from France but it hasn't arrived yet. Is it possible that the international transfer just takes longer?
Can I change my PIN if I want to?
Please, how do I order a card?
Where can I link a new card?
What are the steps to activate the card, as it does not seem to work?
Why do transfers get declined?
I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. I can't use the app, so I need some help.
I'm having difficulties changing AUD for GBP. How do I do this?
Am I allowed to transfer money to a beneficiary?
Someone has taken my money and I don't know who
My contactless payments don't work.
Can I pay more to get it deliver quicker?
Where can i exchange between GBP and USD
I made a big purchase that I regretted and cancelled, the merchant said that my refund was submitted. Can you confirm to me that all of my money was truly returned to me?
Where is my virtual card?
Please help me!  My physical card isn't working right.
I have been charged with a fee for paying with my card.
I requested a refund but am unable to see it in my account. Why is that?
I can't find my code
I was charged extra. Was the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday wrong?
Where can I pay with my debit or credit card?
If I have already completed a cash withdrawal at an ATM, is it normal for it to show as a pending transaction on the app?
I need my account checked because it appears there is a problem. I attempted to update my balance yesterday using cheque but it doesn't seem to have worked.  Should this not be faster than this?
Do you have any idea on when I will receive my refund? I got my statement and it was not there.
Will you tell me how to exchange USD for GBP in the app?
I have a direct debit charge that I do not recognize
How do I deactivate a stolen card?
What age do you have to be to open an account?
show me how to top up
My credit card for was not approved for a top-up transaction.  What happened?
I need information about an extra €1 fee in my statement.
My card did not work at store.
i entered my pin in wrong and got it frozen. how many tries do i have
Why can't I get cash?
My phone has been stolen.
I made a payment but the app gave the money back.
What should I do if I can't prove my identity.
Machines make mistakes too! The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money. Too much!
My transfer was declined, why is that?
is it possible to get a refund for something I purchased?
Why was I charged extra when paying with card?
How long does it take for a bank transfer to show on my balance?
Where can I find the verification code for the card top-up?
where is theft-top option?
To many charges on my card how do I go about fixing that?
I don't know where this debit transaction on my statement came from.
Please tell me why I was charged additionally when I used the card.
How can I get money in my home currency while I'm traveling internationally? I wanted to take it out of a local ATM but am worried that I will get charged extra fees.
Send me my card now! ASAP
I see I was charged extra when I used the card.  I am not sure why, please tell me why.
I need your help in deleting my account.
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money?
An extra fee of €1 was in my statement
I moved, can I edit my personal details?
When will I receive the cash payment from the check I deposited?
I transferred some money but the receiver can't pick it up for some reason.
Is there something wrong with my top up I did an hour ago? it's still pending. I need that money, i cant afford to wait or have it come back to me.
How much more do I have to pay to exchange currencies?
My account shows up as pending after I received cash from the ATM earlier.  How can this be still pending? I've got the cash already.
how much is the fee for topping by card
Can you tell me why the card payment came back?
My card is stuck in the ATM, what can I do?
My disposable virtual card doesn't seem to work
Can you tell me what countries you offer support for?
Why did I only get $20 now the full amount I wanted?
Hello, my transfers are getting failed continuously, in spite of the fact that all the recipient details are correct. Please advise.
I made a transfer from France two days ago now but there hasn't made it there yet. Do international transfers take longer?
Top-up is loaded into the card and no update.
If my cash withdrawal is still not showing, is something wrong?
There is an extra small charge on my card! What do I do?
Why won't my card work.
The app made a mistake and said I made a cash withdrawal.
What countries are you located in?
How do I use auto top up?
My address is incorrect on my file.
I bought something but now I would like a refund. How do I do that?
can I use my card before identity verification?
What are the steps to getting a virtual card?
My card payment won't work.
Estimated time arrival for transfers?
I was only given $20 when I tried to get $100
My transfer's stuck on pending.
A receiver let me know that they didn't receive the full transfer I completed and that it was actually a bit less than what I sent. At this point I have to make another transfer to make up for the amount missing. Can you please follow up with what's going  on here?
I'd like to make a new PIN selection.
Is there a fee for transferring money
Is there any type of fee for currency exchange?
Where can I find the top-up verification code?
I went tot the ATM earlier today and didn't realize this till now but I did not get all the money I requested.  I believe my account was charged for 100 but I only got 80.  Is there any way we can solve this problem?
I have a new card and I can't add money to it.  I tried about 30 minutes ago and it is still pending.  What do I do?
What ATMs is the card okay to use at?
I tried to withdraw 40 pounds but only 20 came out. Did you steal my money?
My refund isn't showing up
What other currencies can I hang onto?
Please tell me why the purchase I made online returned payment. I really wanted this item and I've been trying for 2 weeks.
Can someone help me unblock my pin?
I would like to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account.
stolen phone, what should i do
Who else can top up my account
how much do I have to pay for exchange of currency?
My balance is not right. It has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
Why was I declined getting cash?
Why did I get less from the ATM?
I know this very late, but I just went through my statements from the last couple months and there's one quite large-ish payment that I definitely haven't made. Is it still possible to dispute it?
My account was charged a fee. When did you start charging extra for card payments?
Hello I am unable to exchange the crypto currency through the app, i am very keen to buy. Please let me know the issue.    interested buying crypto currency but i am unable to purchase it through the application,i do want to do the exchange, Could you please let me know what is the problem?
I completed a payment with my card a while ago. It's still showing up as pending. What time frame does this normally take? It doesn't appear to have worked.
What reasons would cause my card payment to be cancelled?
I was charged multiple times for one purchase
Which countries does your service work in?
Can I auto top up multiple times?
Why is there an extra dollar charged to my account?
I wanted to know why my transaction didn't go through.
Is there a fee for extra cards?
Can I exchange currencies?
There is a strange payment on my statement. What should I do?
Why am I seeing a transfer fee?
can i top up with check?
Why can't I withdraw funds from my account?
Would it be possible to open up an account for children?
I don't want to verify my identity
I have a cash withdrawal that I don't recognize.
How do I link one your card if I have one already?
Do I have to pick a creditcard brand?
Tell me why my transfer is declined.
The transfer finally worked, but how long does it stay pending?
Can I let other people have access to my account in order to top up?
IS there a fee to exchange currency?
My card hasn't arrived.
From what countries can I use an account?
What are the currencies and cards that are supported with my account?
Are you located in other countries?
My card won't work.
The item i bought exchanged rate was incorrect.
Would you be so kind as to activate my card? Thanks
Is it possible to use my apple watch for topping up?
I deposited some cash but it hasn't shown up in my account yet, what's going on?
I tried to top up with my card but it's not working. I had just done this a couple days previously and it worked. Can you tell me what's going on here please?
Do you know why my card payment was reverted?
Help me get the virtual card working.
How old do my kids have to be to use your service?
Can I change my PIN on holiday?
My payment had a wrong exchange rate.
can you tell me why my transfer failed?
would I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
Can I get an update on my replacement card?
is there a reason that my payment didnt go through
There must have been a mistake, why was I charged an extra pound?
Why hasn't my cash been deposited yet?
I need to exchange a currency - can I do that here?
My card was used without my permission.
My refund isn't going fast enough.
Explain what the pending payment means?
I CAN NOT FIND THE TOP-UP VERIFICATION CODE.
Is it right that I've been charged for transferring money?
What are the fees for top-ups?
Can this card be used at all ATMs?
What is the process to link the new card?
Is there a charge for using transfers for top ups?
What steps do I need to get another card?
I am trying  to  transfer and  it has been  stopped why is  that
What happens if a merchant doesn't accept a payment?
How do you decide what your exchange rates are?
What are the steps to verify my identity?
I think someone got my card details and used it because there are transactions i don't recognize. What do I do now?
How can I switch on my new card?
I would rather the Mastercard.
The app doesn't know it's me.
Why would the app deny my top-up?
Can I have an item refunded?
I would like to exchange some currency.
I need assistance with transferring funds to another account.
I haven't received my card and am worried it is lost.
The ATM kept my card?
Can you help me with my card, I think it's broke.
Why hasn't my top-up been completed?
More than one time this week, I have been charged more than once for the same transaction. Please correct the issue and refund the duplicate charges.
I would like to know how to work out where my funds came from?
Do I get any sort of discount on volume for a lot fo currency exchanges?
What is the most that I can top-up to a card?
How long does it take to process cheque deposits?
I don't recognize this payment at all!  Help!
My child needs a card, how can I add them to the account I currently have?
The bank charged me fees for withdrawing cash!
Is there a reason why top-up needs verifying?
How can disposable cards be used?
What stores can I sue my card?
Which fiat currencies do you currently support? Will this change in this future?
I can't get my card out of the ATM
How long do EU transfers actually take? I bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
what are the reasons I have to proof my identity to you?
I am asking to end my account.
I already have an account. Why can't I use it unless my identity is verified?
Help!  I think my phone may be stolen or lost!
The correct exchange rate wasn't given to me for an item I purchased.
Please tell me how I verify my identity.
Why was I charged an extra fee when using the card?
How much money can i top up?
The cash I wanted wasn't there.
Hello, I believe there has been a mistake made on the exchange rate for my card. Could you please check the official interbank exchange rate for me?
What should I do if I see a payment I didn't make?
I've used my account frequently over the last month to manage my payments from abroad for my new place. I noticed that my fees have suddenly increased. As a frequent customer, shouldn't I be rewarded rather than suddenly being subject to a new fee?
Do you charge a fee for adding money in USD?
I was charged a fee with my cash withdrawal that I shouldn't have been charged.
How long will a transaction to a friend take?
My transaction is showing several times.
Hey, I tried to withdraw some cash earlier and it's saying it's pending? Will I be charged for this?
Where can I reset the passcode?
I did not receive the correct amount for the exchange rate.
Can I have a Visa card?
I can't seem to be able to use my card
How long do I wait for a transfer to take?
What are the available cards?
When did you send me my new card?
I would like to change to a different currency.
Why was the exchange wrong for the item I purchased?
My card is stolen.  Help!
Where is the verification code display?
There is a payment I don't recognise!
Why is it saying my card payment is declined when I made it?
My disposable virtual card has been rejected by the merchant earlier today. What should I do?
how long do money transfers take?
Why was my transfer request decline?
A receiver made me aware that they did not receive the full transfer that I made. The amount was showing to be a bit less. I now have to make a second transfer just to make up the difference. Can you reach out and let me know what's going on?
Am I getting charged for making a payment?
How do I cancel my transfer?
My PIN is locked, how do I unlock it?
If I need to transfer something quick from China, how long does that take?
How long is a transfer in the pending status?
Someone might be using my card.  What should I do?
How long does it take for a payment to change from pending?
I'm still waiting for delivery of my new card, why is it taking so long?
I was supposed to get a purchase refunded but I don't see the money in my account
I think I lost my card . I dont know how long it has been missing. Can you see if maybe someone else has been using it?
I would like an account for my children, how do I go about doing this?
I use my card internationally to manage payments and I just noticed that you are adding additional fees.  Why?  I am a good customer and this has me thinking about leaving.
My card got stolen!
Why isn't my deposit showing up?
How to order my card?
Can friends transfer money to each other?
I was informed that transfers were free. I noticed I have a fee but why?
What do I do if my virtual card won't work.
Will I know which exchange rate I will get?
I have been charged a fee that I didn't know about. Why have you charged me extra for card payments?
I still want to use my account but haven't verified is that OK?
I want to cancel the transaction I made earlier
I have a payment I didnt make on my account
Why was I charged a fee to transfer money?
What fiat currencies do you allow exchange with?
Was there a problem with topping up?
What is the youngest someone can be to open an account?
I want to know how many different currencies my money can be in
Why is my beneficiary not being allowed to get payment services?
Where's the money that got charged to my card? It's not showing up in my account balance
Is there any limits I should know about if I'm going to use a disposable virtual card?
Can my card be used everywhere?
A percentage fee was charged to my withdrawal.
How do I activate my card, so that I can start using it?
I was checking my statement and I think one of my card payments has reverted
Why i'm I being charged an extra pound
Is there a charge for sending out more cards?
How can I use my credit card to transfer money?
Can you explain to me why a cash withdrawal shows up as pending?
Why was I charged for withdrawing cash?
Where is the cash deposit I made?
How do I change my details?
I'd like like to know where I can order a virtual card?
My Netflix subscription says that there is an issue with my card information, but I thought everything was fine. Why would it be declined?
What are the limits for disposable virtual cards?
Why is my top-up pending?
I am having difficulties to verify my identity.
Why have you declined my card payment?
always exchanging currencies, do you offer a discount?
How can I know where my card will be accepted?
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew wasn't correct.
Please tell me how to get a refund for something I bought.
Why do I have a pending cash withdrawal?
My card payment might have been reverted.
How much do I need to pay for a transfer?
I didn't get all the cash I requested for at the ATM
How old do you have to be to open an account?
Who do I make a check out to if I want to top off my account?
How long will it take for my ID to verify?
Are there any charges for European bank card for top up?
How can I get additional cards?
How can you assist me on topping up on bank transfers to my account?
Do I get a discount if I exchange currencies a lot?
What do I need to show who I am?
How long should a transfer normally take to process completely? I have a friend that needs it right away, but it's already been 2 hours and she hasn't received it.
I must make several disposable cards every day.
reason i need to verify top up
Is there a charge for getting cash?
Is there a way to change my PIN without having to go to the bank?
In which stores can I shop with this card?
Hi, I am experiencing problems while trying to top-up with my card. I have never experienced any problems doing this before. Could you please help me?
How do I order a card?
how to track the card you sent
My payment shows that it is pending will I be charged more money?
How long does it take for a refund to appear?
I withdrew cash and I think the exchange rate is wrong.
Now that I live in the US how can I get a card?
If I am in China, can I still order a new card and if so, how?
Any chance of getting the card outside the UK?
Can I choose the day it's delivered?
Why haven't I gotten my payment yet?
Is there a disposable virtual card?
I received less cash than the amount I specified in the ATM.
I lost my phone!
How do I add the card I just received to show up in the app?
How can I set up Google Pay on my device?
I made a mistake of transferring, can I cancel my previous transfer?
What are the auto top-up policies?
What is needed for my daughter to open an account?
Can i set up an auto top-up?
Why do you charge fees on card payments?
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate when I got cash.
what cards and currencies are accepted?
How much more do you charge for currency exchange?
Hello, what is a virtual card and how do I get one?
Where do my available funds come from?
Still waiting on my refund...
Who can I speak with regarding a lost card?
Help me order my card.
Why did my transfer fail?
What are the countries you operate in.
Am I gonna be charged for sending out more cards?
How many disposable cards can I have at one time?
Where are the Mastercard ATMs?
I entered a wrong PIN too many times. How can I fix this?
I could not do a transfer because it was declined
How do I freeze my bank card, as there has been a strange withdrawal?
I see I was charged $1 for a transaction.
I lost the code and can not get into the app. Help!
If I don't want a physical card can i get a virtual version?
When will my account receive the money?
My refund is still pending
What happened to my cash deposit?
There was an unexpected fee for my cash withdrawal!
I didn't get a PIN yet. What gives?
I'd like to use cash to top up. How do I find that option?
Are there steps to see where my funds come from?
I attempted to enter my pin to many times.
I found my card, am I able to put it back into the app?
I tried to transfer but it was declined
When I made a transfer I was charged extra.
What is my password?
The exchange rate you are using is really bad. This can't possibly be the official interbank exchange rate.
I don't think the exchange rate was right.
Why is there an extra €1 fee in my statement?
why has a cash withdrawal charged me?
There are transactions that I don't remember making, i think someone might have gotten my card details and is now using it.
Can I add a card to back into the app?
Editing my personal details
The exchange rate seems off on this transaction
My bank card has expired, how can I get a new physical card?
Can I link another card to my account?
The transfer on my account is not showing up.
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary go through?
I'd like to know where my funds come from.
What is with the need to have all my ID information?
There was an error in exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
I attempted to use my card while I was intoxicated, and I failed to input my PIN, and the machine kept my card. How soon can I have it back?
my check or cash deposit has not shown up
Exchange rate for my card payment is wrong
Where do I get a disposable card
Will my other US credit card be accepted?
How can I fix a problem where my virtual card is rejected?
How can I tell where the money came from?
It's been two weeks and I haven't gotten my card, what do I do?
What's your refund policy if I bought an item from you?
What to do if my card is about to expire?
Why was my card payment reversed?
when does my balance update for a transfer
I am not recognized by the app.
I may have entered the PIN wrong and the account is blocked.  What do I have to do to get it unblocked.
Am I able to get both a Visa and MasterCard from you?
A foreign purchase I made has the incorrect rate applied to it.
Why hasn't my transfer gone through
I don't know the code for the app.
I can't log into my account because I lost my password
I thought I was going to get a virtual card but I haven't received it yet, how can we resolve this?
I'm panicking!  I lost my card!  Help!
Why was I charged an extra pound?
I need to transfer something from China, How long will it take?
I made a payment with my card that was cancelled?
I made a deposit and the balance hasn't been updated.
Why is my top up still pending?
How about disposable virtual cards?
I made a deposit but it is not showing up in my balance.
I would like to cancel a transfer
What happened! I asked for 30 pounds at your ATM and only go 10. The machine lied about it too. It said I received the full 30 pounds. Someone better help me asap on this.
I tried topping up for the first time today since I am a new customer. It doesn't appear that it's working. It has been pending for at least half an hour. Please take care of this.
I have noticed that my account was double charged for a couple of items this week. Please review and refund the double charged items back.
When I tried to access my cash, I wasn't allowed!
How can I investigate a missing refund?
Why and I being charged this fee?
Can you send me more cards for my account?
Hello,  I am a college student who I recently attended my high school reunion at a local restaurant. I paid with my credit card and now my transaction history reflects a second charge of the seemingly same payment. What could be the reason for this?  Is there any way to have the fraudulent  payment credited back onto my card?
Can I have my account add money automatically in certain intervals?
How long will it take for the transfer to reach my account?
I need two cards. Is this possible?
Why is my friend not getting a transaction arrival yet?
How much will it cost me for a SEPA transfer?
Can I make a contactless payments?
How many top-ups am I allowed to do?
Is my pending cash withdrawal processed?
I think my top-up was cancelled.
So I just put my top-up into the card and it hasn't changed.
Why is my cash withdrawal pending?
How can I view the source of my available funds?
I can't withdraw money
I topped up but the app declined it
My rate of exchange was wrong.
Why can't I see a transfer to my account?
I did not get the cash that is showing up in my app.
What us the fee to transfer money from my bank?
Why couldn't I make a withdrawal from the ATM?
I was charged for the same thing twice
My payment is in the app but hasn't gone through yet
Today I was out eating and my card was declined. Why's that?
Do you ship your cards anywhere?
What countries do you currently do business in?
I know I have enough funds in my account but my card payment hasn't worked for some reason. What do I do?
How do I track the card you sent me?
I really wanted to buy something online but seems the card is not working as the payment suddenly came back! What's going on here, I've been trying for a good week or two.
I am just waiting for the transaction to be completed.
Where do I find my PIN for my new card?
For some reason, the money I added was returned.
If my PIN number is rejected, how do I solve it?
Will I be charged if someone needs to send me money?
When my card expires what is the cost of a replacement and how fast?
It doesn't look like the top-up completed.
I'm not sure how disposable virtual cards work. Please help.
How long does it typically take a transfer to go through?  I sent some money to a friend earlier today, and she really needs it.  It still is a pending transfer, even though I sent it a few hours ago.
A false direct debit payment is showing in my app
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that I did not do
What do i need to verify my id?
How soon do cards arrive after I order them?
I need to know if everything is okay here. After making a transfer from a UK account it doesn't show up. How long does this normally take to process?
Why would I be charged a fee for card payment?
can i get a physical card online
If I can't choose my card type will I be able to use it everywhere?
What is the process of card activation?
How to verify my identity
In my statement, I got a €1 extra fee.
The balance does not appear to have updated.
Can someone please help assist me by explaining to me why my pass-code is not working?
Why did a transfer get declined?
I submitted a cash deposit to my account but it hasn't posted yet.
How can I use my American Express to add money into my account?
My card hasn't arrived yet. What do I do?
How do I top up my card?
My account isn't showing the refund
What currencies can I exchange?
What is the current exchange rate for me?
Hi,I tried to get some money out but the machine was not working .The transaction still seems in progress! Can you please check what's going on.I don't want to be charged for money that I did not received.
I seem to be unable to make any transactions.
My statement has a dollar I have been charged showing up on it.
can you assist me with the auto top up ?
In a month, my card will reach its expiration date, am I required to request the next card?
How do I set up my card PIN?
Are there any disposable virtual cards?
WHAT IS THE MAIN REASON OF THIS PROBLEM
Weird Direct Debit payment
Did  my transfer fail?
Why was I charged a fee for transferring money
For you, how long do transfers normally take from a UK account? I completed one just now but nothing appears. I just need to be sure everything is okay.
DO I have to be 18 to open an account?
in china, need new card
Why did the funds not transfer to another recipient?
The wrong exchange rate was used when I bought something with a foriegn currency.
I see in the app some cash was withdrawn, but it's not mine.
How do I change my information?
How long does a transfer take to reach one's account.
Do you use Mastercard or Visa?
I received the wrong amount of cash from the ATM. Can you help?
I'm confused ass to why my contactless is not working.
Where did my money go? I'm not able to withdraw it from my ATM.
Can i cancel a charge?
There's an error with the rate that is charged.
Can I edit my details?
What steps do I need to take to close my account?
I tried to take out cash but the amount isn't right, so what do I do?
How long will a transfer take from Europe?
Will my transfer be done soon?
I dont have a pin
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I did not make
How do I link one of your card that I already have?
The transfer was accepted but now it's stuck on pending. When will it go through?
How can I request cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
What happened to the transfer I did?
When will my top-up happen?
Can you please check my UK Account to make sure everything went alright?  I made the transfer a couple of hours ago.
How do I go about verifying the top-up card?
I'm expecting a refund but it's no where to be seen
What fiat currencies do you support?
Is there a limit to auto top?
terminate my account please
Hello. I just noticed I was charged two times for a restaurant I visited this week. Can you reverse the additional charge?
How many disposable cards can I make in a single day?
Hi - I have made a transaction to my new landlord but unfortunately it shows on my end but not on the landlord's end. The numbers are correct. Can you confirm when that will go through?
Can you tell me how to order a virtual card?
I don't remember my login code
Why did you charge me more for my purchase? It was a foreign currency and you didn't offer market rate
My top-up funds aren't available yet.
Please list what fiat currencies are supported for both holding and exchanging.
My identity isn't being accepted, what should I do?
Can I top up using a cheque?
How much is the charge for a foreign currency exchange?
It is impossible to verify my identity
Can you explain your exchange rates basis?
Can I select my card scheme or do you choose it for me?
The exchange rate was wrong?
Is there any discount for someone that exchanges currencies frequently?
How do I top up using my Apple Watch?
How can I unlock my pin from too many tries?
am suspicious of my card's security
Why has my card been declined?  whats the deal?
What are the disposable card limits?
Is it possible to receive a Visa and a MasterCard?
What's my pin number?
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my international withdrawal?
What is this cash withdrawal on my statement?
How can my account have money transferred into it?
What currencies are accepted to add money?
I know there's money in my account, why did my account decline me?
Can you tell me where my funds come from?
