can you make a red shade of light in the living room
change the light color to black light
thanks for your answers.
you understood command exactly.
play marvin gaye i want you
what would be the exchange rate of currency in japan
what movies are playing this week
ask for the weather today morning
i'd like to play monopoly
any sport event is on my list
please change the house lights to blue
what did jeff post on the yard sale page
is my calendar free for Thursday
make the lighting bit more warm here
place a takeaway order for a cheeseburger and fries from burger king
please clarify once again.
i want to know if the olive garden provides takeaway
please let me know the exchange rate between indian rupees and us
i want to hear tum hi ho next
cut the songs in this musics
s1, please elaborate me on your answer further.
what is happening in the world news
give me a joke
change the lights of the house to a blue hue
repeat the music
give me a new light color
what lists are in my notebook
book a taxi for pickup at my current location in one hour's time
whats was the value of x if x plus two equals five
how about a nice game of chess
will you tell me that once more please.
Switch off the smart socket
within the past three months how many meetings did i have with mr richards
olly that's enough, cancel.
what is happening near me
i need a ride home
start the vacuum cleaner
start playing podcast about books
is bills pager number in my contacts
what is the time difference between eastern and pacific time zones
quiet on
find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring
cancel the breakfast at tiffany's house
i have a meeting tomorrow morning at ten please remind me
what's up with my order
tell me everything about umf
check for new emails
please modify the wrong command.
turn shuffle on music player on
what is the sum of 9 and 12
turn on my wemo socket
replay this song i really like it
decrease volume
remove my earliest alarm for tomorrow
directions to the target on I forty
send email to david davis email address
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
please add dan's email to my contacts
stock please
please change time zone to canada
need a hot coffee
yes you got answer correcly.
how many alarms are listed
remove my event at one pm in my calendar
is mile marker sixty five where the hanging tree is located
i need an alarm for sunday at eight am can you please set one for me
is it colder than yesterday
open inbox
turn off the lamp socket
in every three hours give me my facebook update
stop and try what i've just said once more.
describe joe for me please
play the two towers
it is unimportant.
what's happening in the news
what's the time in new york
give me a classical radio station
can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approximately ten minutes from now
what is there to do in new york city
sorry but that was not the correct response.
does dominos deliver
find an uber that can get me to the airport now
you did command perfectly.
hey play me a popular country song
what is the time in canada now
please turn on all lights
it is unimportant for me, olly.
yes answer was confirmed.
could you create a new list for me
can you make sure the kitchen light is off
event remove
it's excellent, appreciated.
play closer music track
look up whether or not charley's steakhouse delivers
what is the deepest point on earth
please list active alarms
can you call a taxi
will you just stop please.
can you put on the chuck palhunik audio book
cancel the event valentine's day from the calendar
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar
turn off the alarm
remove the doctor's appointment i added to my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
what movie can i watch tonight on the theater here in boston
i need coffee please preferably hot
google stock price
add this to a list
change my mum's email in my phonebook
play radio one
if it's midnight in colorado what time is it in munich
give me directions to get from here to crescent city brewhouse in new orleans
excellent.
call golden taxi to pick me up at seven pm today
add new email to anna
just see for me the alarms that you have set today morning
yeah perfect response to command.
play the audiobook swan from first
write down that i am going to meet with jenny on the third okay
find me train tickets
who assassinated lincoln
please remove the alarm that is set for weekdays at nine
write an email to luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
create a new list for me please
tweet at koc your waiting time sucks
remove vegetables from the list
it is too bright in here dim the lights
what is fourteen divided by two
raise volume to level seven on music player
switch on the vacuum cleaner
give me the latest updates
please restart the handmaid's tale
could you manipulate roip for me
play a movie i'll like
hey ms the email address of john miller
what can i do in charlotte
can you play rfi
s1, explain further please.
book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
you are star, thank you so much.
when is the last train today
yeah fantastic.
brew some coffee
do have any new email
prepare my morning coffee
schedule a meeting with reeta today evening at five pm
switch on the green light in playroom
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
what is the exchange rate for pounds and u. s. d.
new twitter message
what's the famous monty python joke about the bird
tell me who will win the next presidential election
u. s. d. position now
show me today train time of kalka at jodhpur
light color change
set mute for twenty minutes
please thumbs up this song
what is a banana
play the last radio channel
i need to change my house lights colour to blue
answer paul's email
where do most celebrities hang out
i want to listen jazz
define the word novel
turn on flappy bird
lets begin buddy
do i have to bring umbrella for tonight party
could you please check and confirm the detail.
respond to my bosses email with the word that i will be in at four in the evening
what is a trebuchet
where is band playing
please will you further clarify me on that.
is there anything special going on nearby
what's going on around here this weekend
how many three are available in twenty seven
call the closest mexican restaurant
who's playing the oboe on this piece
remove all the reminders from the calendar
what is the root of 16
what does one plus
stop seven am alarm
i wish this event to be removed from my calendar
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
tell me how to make garlic bread
set an alarm for five hundred and thirty
olly i want you stop.
remove events from calendar
latest updates on syrian civil war
have no idea, olly.
what will be the time now in washington
play my preferred song
can you book me a train ticket to boston for next tuesday
ted talks
what is the remainder when five hundred and twenty one is divided by three
elaborate me about your answers further.
what music do i like
shall we meet for today's party
please send a reminder email to peter and ask him how long he will be taking to prepare the presentation ppt
when is the doctor's appointment
audio on
tweet consumer service that i am very disappointed with my recent interaction
lights brighter
amazing response to the command.
oh it's nice one.
what is a chair
which are well reviewed movies by emma watson
quiet mode four hours
open social media account
how high is the s n. p
tell me a joke about a man
whatever is good.
did i get an email from mike
what is the current value of yen in american money
play radio disney
what's the traffic on the one hundred and one
what tv show is jennifer aniston on
delete item
turn wemo on
get me latest updates from facebook
what is the best tasting cut of beef
what's going on in new york
overall day
was einstein married
set a reminder alert for saturday nine am towards payment of electricity bill
get contact
should i wear gloves tonight
what is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
add a movie name to the wish list
beg your pardon.
please start the podcast
please turn the lights off
on mobile charger plug
i like you just cancel.
what does pda mean
remove my dinner event for monday
what is the total of 500 and 23
can you speak louder
recommend me some shops to shopping in angel
that does not matter for me, olly.
please lower the lights a little bit
i would like to place a call to amazon customer service
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
yeah you did the command correcly.
let me know the weather for today
find apple pie recipe
can you shut up.
what is the current price of jindel stock
can you activate the vacuum to clean the house
other songs by this artist
raise speaker volume
that's helpful,.
you've understood command perfectly.
make five coffee tell the coffee machine
make appointment for next friday
please activate the vacuum cleaner
tell me the current weather for danville il
yeap you've got command correcly.
play from smashing pumpkins
when was einstein's birthday
play my favorite music
get recipe for making a hotdog
thank you for the response, olly.
could you please shut up.
sorry but i think you got it wrongly.
which bank will give better rate for currencies i have
please give me today's date
where is dell standing in stock market right now
please go to the next episode of the podcast
increase the volume so that i can hear it in other room
start the vacuum at nine am
brighter
play music in library
call a taxi for me
please can you shut off.
unmute the speaker now
time zone between india and us
find a shop that sells beer
olly i will talk to you later.
start podcast mlb daily
check the last thing said please.
i need a reminder alarm at one
explain further.
that is correct.
train leaving
would not bother, olly.
i need you to put walk the dog on my list to do
does my favourite pizza place available for takeaway
set an alarm for eight pm
train to athens how to
has anyone tagged me in a photo on facebook
tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long
what movie is this song from
s1, again clarify your answers please.
what about the new york city traffic
how do i dial sarah
did the yankees win last night
again clarify me on your answers.
skip forward
please tell me some international news
i want the light in the kitchen powered off
can you speak the command spoke one more again please.
yeap that's right.
on all the button on dashboard
please tell me it one more again.
please tell me the date
this song is my favourite
whats the dow jones at today
email my meeting details to my manager
what's the name of the piece you are playing
please rephrase more on what you have just said to me.
post complaint about service a
how is the traffic presently near central park road
where to buy cannon cameras
reply wishes to john by email
please tell me about upcoming alarms
when is madonna's birthday
how is traffic over the donner summit now
stop playing
can we play a game of hangman
please note i like jazz and hate disco
save settings
add dentist appointment for friday at five
i think you made mistake, please change this.
how old is tom hanks
how was the traffic now
change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow
does vocelli's do takeaway
the song you are playing is amazing
uefa european championship
it was cool, thank you very much.
adjust the lights to a lower setting please
read me new emails
turn corner light on
switch on light
remind me about my anniversary in one day advance
do i have alarms set
at what temperature should i bake cookies
olly please could you just cancel.
appreciated, that's nice.
directions to sainsburys
please remove this item from the list
will you please play a podcast
turn the lights higher
tell me the name of the song
info on lisa ann please
i'm into music
i appreciate it, that's great job.
resume the two towers
what time is the train to san francisco due
what is happening this weekend
one pm removed
add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday
what's my next appointment
what's the temperature
shut up
is there a chili cookoff this weekend
can you tell me whats on my shopping list
i have to go to a meting on friday at noon can you remind me
please play clash of clans
please check recent emails from new contact
can i see my facebook feed
check out my to do list
book uber for tonight at seven pm
take away my alarm for tomorrow at four thirty am
i need to buy a train ticket
logan
please will you clarify me more on that.
tweet your waiting time sucks tag koc
check and confirm the instruction.
please check and confirm the last thing said.
how is my commute
call peking garden
update me on my emails
when i want it to take down notes
is there a groomer in town for cats only
next podcast
can you please tell me what i have on my list
tell artist and title of this song
if it's eight pm on the east coast what time is it in sacramento california
define session
do i have any notifications from social media
what music is playing
please rate current song as five stars
convert one us dollar to british pound
tell me what a workhouse is
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
please change the light colors to red
what are the current movies playing in me area
would you explain further on it to me please.
please set a monthly reminder for paying rent
whats the schedule for today
i want to raise the light
i need to get up at ten tomorrow
for how many years was abraham lincoln president of united states
this event needs to be deleted
tell me what's on my shopping list
turn on the wemo plug
hi olly please remove the birthday event on coming sunday
i don't need the shopping list delete it
google definition for me
turn on the wemo
i love this song
start new list
do i have any pending reminder
i want the lights less brighter
contact pizza hut and order a large pizza with ham and mushrooms
change this time to ist
shit, not correct.
complain for cheating
yeap amazing response to command.
i'd like to hear that again.
low the volume
let me see cultural events for this weekend in palermo neighborhood
what is the subject and who is the sender of my last email
thanks but i think you have messed up my request.
what is the amount for train ticket booking
what is happening in town tonight
list out my upcoming events
do you think today will be nice out
what is my email from steve about
schedule city cab from home to airport at eight am
please make the lights watching friendly
you have done it perfectly.
does brick grill deliver
transition lights to blue to green to yellow
olly will you shut down please.
how much is a g. b. p. in u. s. d.
please choose a game that you can play with me
social media
send email to cat that i will accept job offer
would you please check question.
i want to hear this podcast
turn on my pandora radio
quiet time
add five plus eighteen minus four please
i'm in a meeting please do not speak
play sam harris please
remove set alarm
would you please shut down.
what is the definition of this
clear up my calendar
what posts have i missed from my friends
play keno
note current song as awesome please
search for the correct game
remove the alarm set for four hundred am
order a pizza for me
play the latest song adele
i need ninety nine point five please
yeah you understood command correcly.
add new year with family next week
am i available at five pm on sunday
please send email to pawel with reminder
can you elaborate further on this to me please.
what's new in facebook
your words was not so clear.
call the nearest pizza place that offers buffalo pizza
i love the song do you
play that podcast i was listening to yesterday
mute my speakers for a minute here i need to make a call
change the bedroom lights to green
please start over.
please send a complaint about my horrible experience with a company
send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
you told me the incorrect date please correct this.
start play johns audiobook
prepare a cup of coffee
tell me the news about jallikattu in tamil nadu
i would like you just stop it.
please clear the list
set an alarm at six am
uh no, i think you have done task in wrong manner.
locate local pizza shops
what alarms are set in the house
weather like
how much rate will be calculated
update alarm
will you please shut down.
can you turn up the volume on itunes
can you just cancel it.
olly cancel yoga alarms
define television
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
set the living room lights to red
list of the nearby restaurant
report the current time in oakland
i want coffee everyday
Shut down the sound
turn off the lamp in the living room
whats the best way to france
shit, you made a mistake, please correct this.
please tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic narendra modi
find me the earliest train ticket departing friday morning to miami
remove item three from the list
order the best priced general tofu in nyack
tell me the soup of the day at panera bread restaurant
how is the traffic from home to work
please delete the meeting i have with john tonight
any one is good to me.
list the shops near me
do i have any other contact phone number for alison
alarm
is gus's a take out place
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
look for this playback in audiobook and play for me
turn off the speakers
lower lights please
what's going on around the neighborhood
refresh my list and tell me whats on it
would you try that instruction said again please.
play the billboard top ten
i need some coffee
alarm status
i need a six am wakeup call
do i have any new emails from sarah
is it going to rain later
what is the population of florida
i am not clear about last sentence.
has any mail received with an attachment
add the email oriam@gmail dot com to my contacts
when is trolls playing
i like alt rock music
any recent emails
please show me detail of previous played song
would you check and confirm question please.
start a vacuum cleaner
hey turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
have any jokes
would like to see the time zone
add this email to my contacts
what have i got going on between three and four pm today
say it one more time please.
what is the answer to that question
oh no, this was not what i was searching for.
what date is the third friday of this month
show me nearby musical events
complain to amazon customer service for me
show me cooking websites
what you just said was not so clear to me.
set alarm on twenty fifth may at five pm
i want to hear program one on lastfm
how do you subtract numbers
could you please yell the answer out to me
largest animal
remove sample meeting from calendar app
is snap doing good after the ipo
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
when is the next train to b street
current stock price intel
thanks for the helping, olly.
can you mute my speaker
all alarms
can you give me the time in this time zone
does pings do takeaway
hello what time it is now
what is mr taxi's phone number it is in my contacts
turn down the lights to medium
what time will my alarm go off today
give me the average five year stock price of home depot
turn on shuffle
what time will my alarm wake me up
pick up we left off on battle royale
add this new email
check my email messages
ticket for bombay
my favorite singer is shakira
remove all alarms
i didn't get your response.
what list is available for my favorite music from ed sheeran
please clean the floor
open the local news app
turn off my wemo plug socket now
continue audiobook playback
start chapter five of physics for future presidents
turn down the volume
Olly save all the songs i have listened to more than once
find dinner with mom on my calendar and delete it
yes you got command exactly.
confirm i have set an alarm for six am
check email from john
what time is it on the east coast of the united states
joke of the day
in five sentences let me know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey
reminder about meeting from eight am to twelve pm
what does speaker mean
show me train tickets
make a room darker
you've done the command correcly.
turn off smart socket
play npr on this station
i have a meeting with al on march twenty first at ten
are there any events going on nearby
how do i change the color of the lights
tell me about neal adams
play all by the beatles
more bright
is trump tweeting today
your salary
how many contacts do i have in my phone book
how is the exchange rate for microsoft
turn on console
dim the lights to level two
add the new email to my contacts
yes agree.
favorite this music
what song is this
play podcast a
please list all my alarms
when was this song recorded
i want to cook italian dishes show me some
what was the name of my last email
what time is it in england
can you tell me some fun things to do in kentucky
Show current local events
i want the light to be switched off
is euro the best currency to trade
why do people use avocado seeds
tell me joke
please check my coming up events
please set reminder
book a train ticket to canada this evening
define what a wizard is
what are the definitions of orange
book an uber from my location to the theatre
more light
have i got any alarms set
show me my events
start robot cleaner
book a taxi to the airport for tomorrow morning
turn off overhead light
please indicate the opening price of fra stock
can you please check command.
tell me what time it is right now
dammit, not right response.
could you clarify me on it further.
start email for address not in contacts
what is piramid
yeah great response.
please can you check and confirm what just said.
open the grubhub app so i can order take out
what are departure arrival times for this train
start from my last session of joes book
take milk off my grocery list
please check all new email of income tax department
lower the light of hall percent
can to please clear my calendar of all events
could you please tell me the meaning for the item laptop
i need to delete the alarm for church on sundays at eleven am
repeat this song three times
anything would be good.
did i remember to set a reminder alarm for my next doctor's appointment
find the serial podcast and play it
which route has less traffic today
find songs from my big band playlist
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
did ashwin joined party yesterday
what song is playing on windows media player
tell me what one plus one is
today how many alarms do i have set
place family phone on instagram
go to the station fm ninety six point five
what's john's home phone number
twenty minus ten
set my coffee machine
i challenge you to a game of tic tac toe
cancel tomorrow's meeting
tell me what is song is playing now
what's the most popular story on my facebook newsfeed
what does the word hypocrisy mean
set the settings to mute
paper scissors or stone
please let me know the morning alarm time kept for weekends
please reserve the next taxi a nine am
have the vacuum cleaner clean the room
are there any new snaps on snapchat
can you brighten up the lights please
what is today's day
is there christmas on twenty second
activate robot vacuum
tell me summary forecast microsoft stock forecast to thirty days ahead
find a taxi to go home
any new email since last time
book me a train ticket for saturday
will you say once again please.
tell me which stocks were the biggest gainers in stock market nasdaq today
turn off the room light
can you tell me the time in new york
play yesterday's hot ninety seven morning show
give details of rock sand
shuffle the songs in the music library
how to calculate trigonametry
pawel prepare the meeting with john
how many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood
famous person biographies
is there a connecting train from london to paris and what time
which restaurant is there in shivaji nagar
please will you check it.
more light please
confirm a travel ticket to german
when is the first seventy degree day forecast
dammit, i think incorrect response.
that's not the correct answer.
where is the statue of liberty located
would you please check and confirm detail.
please power down
hello i would like to know whether you provide home delivery services
show current track in music player
use google to show me how to cook
how do i book a train ticket online
mute for two hours
hi what is the hot topic in facebook
which continent has highest growth of cotton and what is average production
could you please tell me what is the rate for pound to u. s. d.
can you please explain more on last sentence to me.
remove father's day from calendar
we are going to play poker together
send a tweet about sonys volume issues
create list
tell me what a freeway is
can you turn off kitchen light for me
what lists do i have queried
i would not really mind, olly.
two thousand and seventeen movies
play random music
play music true love
how many euro will i get for ten dollars
can you order me some pizza
is it joes birthday soon
what is a good vegan egg substitute
mute please
can you tell me what an chaise is
play all songs by metallica on shuffle
what is twenty four times twenty four
s2, i was not clear about it.
do i have the address for the apple store in my contacts
turn on my son's room plug socket on off
order me some chinese food
where is the closest train depot
it doesn't really matter, olly.
exchange rate from cad to u. s. d.
power off the wemo plug
book a cab in the evening for me
change the lights to a different hue
review all alarms
what type of music do i enjoy
how many cups in a quart
any good fast food items
would not mind to select any one, olly.
what will be the weather on monday this week
how much meat should i buy to serve ten people
what is the difference between yesterday's and today's stock prices for walmart
the weather is sunny today
convert five s. d. to rials
what was the first car made
what is ten divided by five
remind me to take out the trash
set an alarm at six in the morning
where does tar work currently
create packing checklist
book the the next train ticket to chennai
fill me in on stock symbol
are there any good movies running in nearby theaters
list all of my alarms
find the nearest olive garden that has take out service
thanks but i think this was not the correct command.
play melody songs
uber me to the airport
could you turn off light
turn on silent mode until my alarm goes off
what is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
inbox my family
remove the board meeting and reschedule for next wednesday
were the stocks rising or declining
i need to get to location call a cab
hey read any email to me
please skip to the next song
give some of delete in today events
add this email to my contact
remind me of meeting five minutes before time
what's the value of the euro relative to nzd
just set me reminders about pending payment of children school fees
that would be all.
you need to find an alternate route to my destination
how many alarms do i have
turn up volume
delete my dinner tomorrow
you have got my instructions right.
show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
send an email to qerwerq@hotmail dot com
clear everything from the calendar
places with pizza delivery near me
there are anything in my list
fun things to do today
cancel my birthday party
get me an uber please
what is the price for marvel
when was the last time that i spoke to john
i would like all the lights on when i enter
read the ticket for tesla
please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code twenty nine thousand nine hundred and seventy eight
any one would be okay, olly.
look up what this word means
does lechateau have delivery service or only takeaway
add email to existing contact
did i set an alarm to wake up in the morning
please turn on the wemo plug socket
by ten to eleven am daily start my vacuum cleaner
pull up lights control
meeting july calendar
repeat music
pause resume
how much is the euro worth versus us dollar
what do you know about the statue of liberty
what do i have to do today
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
switch on the plug
olly i want you cancel.
bring the lights down a bit
yeap you've gotten that correcly.
what's traffic likexchange on four hundred and forty one
would you just stop it please.
tell me what's going on with facebook
select the information on the contact
book me a train ticket to barcelona please
will you explain me more on what you just said please.
i need to go to lyon book a train ticket
i need a recipe for spaghetti
do i have any new entries in my inbox
recommend a blue grass band event within twenty miles of manchester ma this week
set lights to full power
hi i want to order fried chick with white sauce
can you pull up the latest time so i won't be late for my appointment
what is a good joke
give me the details on purchase order
i want some coffee now
play football match for myself now
weather forecast for this week
what did i tell susan in my last email
email my boss that i will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting
i am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
how much is one plus one
get the roomba to clean up
how many likes does my last instagram photo have
i love anything by elton john
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
turn the lights blue at three pm
please make me some coffee
it's time for junk food
check my facebook notification
what is the date and time
please set the alarm for eight pm wednesday evening
this is a tweet for comcast if i have my internet and phone service from you and it goes out how can i contact you
contacts
please add new item to list
its cold outside
what is the last email i received
what is the time difference between my location and hong kong
turn off speaker
continue with my audiobook please
display nearby places
when was the last call i received from jordan
turn on switch of wemo socket
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
any good bike shops in oxford
recipes
how long should i cook chicken for
what alarms do i have set
show my alarms
anything unique to do in the city today
i am sorry but this was not the correct command.
what's the traffic situation from kamycka to dejvicka
does not matter.
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
please set alarm for
add jane's birthday party at one hundred and twenty three main for two pm tomorrow on my calendar
lights off
show mobile number of john
please run the vacuum cleaner
plants
i want to remove apples from list
radio please
Is country better today or ten years ago
remove my early alarms
what country was einstein from
nope, you did a task in wrong manner.
tell contact mobile number
how many emails have i got since yesterday
play it after five minutes
can i get a train ticket to
increase brightness in the room
please find out the share price of i. b. m. in nasdaq
checkout today set alarm of ten am
traffic report
what music do i usually like after work
bring up all the runner lights
what's going on between three hundred and thirty and four
can you book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
find my email for date
repeat reminder for my schedule for christmas
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
please start vacuum cleaner
what meetings do i have between eight ten today
will you rephrase me on what you've just said again please.
hey order a pizza pie with extra cheese
please make me a cappuccino
will traffic be good when i leave in five minutes
it will be good if you yellowish the light
please change the color of my lights surprise me
what did you mean by that.
play the podcast of barack obama saved in device
id like to get on the next train that will be departing indianapolis headed to chicago
will there be snow this week
turn off the socket
dim my light
i want to know the latest local news of the city
please check my last question.
select the contact
turn up the volume
turn the lights on full bright
yes you have done that exactly.
whats on your list right now
yes great response to the command.
tweet a complaint
how is the traffic now
contacts please
attenuate the lights
book a train ticket from here to charleston west virginia at eight am today
tweet british airways that my last flight from chicago to london was delayed
can you set a reminder for wednesday at one pm for my meeting
what an umbrella means
please sent this email to my friend
make a laundry setting for the volume at twenty
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
set my alarm for six am
are there any fun things to do in seattle this weekend
book a train ticket to boston tomorrow
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
make me a cup of coffee
sorry.
run the vacuum cleaner
seems like the response was not correct.
remind me tomorrow at four about an event
mario
please turn off the wemo plug
make a catalogue
i want dimmer lights
lets go nazi hunting
make curser adjustable position
when is president's day
repurchase last train ticket to phillyx
mute sound
open my calendar
i like senatra songs
Play my favorite game by name naughty dog
speak again please.
if it is four pm in missouri what time is it in london
check all new emails in my inbox
i want to know what song has the phrase stairway to heaven in it
make me happy
latest news
please confirm it.
play me the bbc radio podcast
would you elaborate again to me please.
when is my takeaway arriving
what is glass made of
what groups are listed in my contacts
change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
can you turn off wemo plug socket
order the usual from turiellos pizza
sorry but i think you've got that not right.
get me a turkey jimmy johns sub and set it to be delivered at five pm tonight
shuffle this playlist
vitaly channel
please once again rephrase me about what you have said.
hotel california is sung by whom
set an alarm at ten tomorrow to remind me a meeting
can you please read the my mom sent this morning at ten am
anything would be good with me, olly.
what is hair made up of
what's going on tonight in sacramento
find out if kfc delivers please
what are the coordinates of everest
complain about walmart service
where should i go eat tonight
find list in my pda
darken the room a bit
play me the latest podcast about online surveys
please tell me the main points of my two hundred meeting from this afternoon
i want to know everything that breaks about the dam breaking in california
explain how to set my coffee machine
i like music from when i was a teenager in the
please remove sporty event from list
when is the next train leaving for austin
i need to get up at seven am
that's nice job, thank you so much.
start playing my most recent podcast
price of train ticket from delhi to mumbai
please put me your input to know my schedule
i need to book a train ticket to la
who has responded to my business within the last twenty four hours
down the speaker volume at the end of level
call taxi
show exchange rate of u. s. d. and inr
from now on mute
check all cab companies and get a time booked for three pm
please be quiet for another hour
add this person's email
how many things do i have planned tonight
mute the speakers
you've done that correctly thanks.
lower lights in kitchen
please delete this calendar event
check instagram
switch to los angeles time
change the light colour to green
buy train ticket
turn on radio
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at four pm time
please give me detail one dollars equals rs
delete this list
how many rivers are there in europe
what is five over three
what is the email i got from my girlfriend
what is mondays actual date
what is the time in beijing
whatever the next event is in the calendar delete it
michael jackson family background
my day was great
tweet to the customer service account of starbucks
define oscillate
any one would be okay with me, olly.
i think you messed up with my command.
open uber app and book me a car for pick up at the airport
stop repeating this song
you have to check out kfi he's the best
yeah that's great.
when is taco bell going to arrive
google i need one train ticket to new york can you book that for me
how do i braise a pork loin
siri find train tickets to nc
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and cad
yes the command was confirmed.
where is a good place to eat in seattle
hey please provide information about events by the end of the day
i love the songs of micheal jackson can you save some songs of jackson for me
send report to consumer service
can you please shut down.
it seems cold
play old fashioned christmas music
start angry bird
i don't want to attend the dinner on march first any more so could you remove it from my agenda
mute all responses now
you've done it right appreciated.
find me an audio book version of ready player one and play it for me
increase the brightness of lights bedroom
begin vacuum
book an uber to pick me up now
train schedule
find twitter handle of tom cruise
s2, i am unclear about your words.
put on the screen the lists i have available
tell me a funny joke
set coffee to brew at seven am
play audiobook of planets
tell me if the olive garden allows takeaway
thanks for reminding me, olly.
are there any emails i haven't read yet
suggest a good genre movie that came out recently
take note of today as my first date with bob
who covered the song one more cup of coffee
change light color
doesn't really matter for me.
hey go from off to on my vacuum in five minutes
events in me area
latest updates
want to play a game of trivia
switch the lights off
what is joe joe's home address
please dim the lights in the bedroom
can you backward an episode in the podcast
please book a train ticket from london to manchester
can save this music in my playlist
get a me a train ticket to milwaukee from chicago on sunday morning
i need to get the definition of a word massive
did you get what i just said correctly?
could you please book a cab for me in uber from la to ny today
what is today
i want to order chinese takeout
is it going to be cloudy or sunny today in bangalore
delete the list please
put this on my facebook
i want to know the result of twenty is to two
i have already given mark his gift today please remove him on my christmas gift list
how many minutes do i need to wait to pick up my food from china on the go
tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
open radia
play me some melody song
will you explain me about what you have said once again please.
how to go to multi specialty hospital
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
initiate the music on the electronic playlist
mute yourself when i am in a meeting
i love that song who sings it
lower the lights in the room
email mahmoud
info of rowan atkinson
give the stock price details of motorolla
what is the answer to four plus four
what is the nuclear triad
cancel business meeting on wednesday
i do not care.
is anything trending on social media today
what is the exchange rate between the us and canada
how do you make steel
set radio
please send the email to abc@gmail dot com instead of xyz@gmail dot com
that is unimportant, olly.
can you further explain me on it please.
what is the time for the eastern time zone
what is the traffic situation at the bazaar highway
i want to know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey in five sentences
open grocery list and add milk
tell me your answer
reach by mail to my family
set alarm at nine am on next sunday
please check and confirm the command.
how did your day go
play audiobook
is my alarm set for seven am
can i have cup of coffee
could you explain the meaning of exorbitant for me please
dim the lights in the living room
switch off all lights
what does rice wine go with
i need to see if i got any new email
i want to eat two pita gyros please and some diet coke
remove event from my list
s2, i could not get that.
recommend a movie playing in me area
calculate two plus 29
just stop please.
answer for three times four
could you just cancel it please.
shut off lights
i would like it if my robot could engage in deep conversation with me
could you please shut down.
what's rene phone number
how is the new movie swat
please save the remarks i have on this current song
i've heard this riff before what song stole this riff it's exactly the same
this is unimportant for me.
events in city
thanks but you are incorrect.
taxi uber
i like top twenty music
Hashtag loving this weather post to twitter
set the alarm off
would you try what you said again.
your birth date
pull up outlook i need to send a email
how much is the euro versus the canadian dollar
how are my stocks doing today
book me an uber
who is this
what are today's highlights from facebook
please ring the wake up alarm at eight am next saturday
all lights colour to blue please
i wish i could play video games together
let's suck out the dust
vacuum on
you've got the answer perfectly.
switch to red colored lights
what time is set for my wake up alarm
eliminate the list kickball but make sure the contacts remain
jump to the next podcast
tell me a joke
reduce the brightness
book me a taxi
i would like to listen to howard stern on ninety seven point nine fm
show the method to prepare icecream
start the robot vacuum cleaner at one pm today
fb stocks
whatever.
check my to do list
can you please off the light
play podcast for the philadelphia eagles content
start music
is the weather bad in new york right now
please check this companies stock
will you just stop it please.
which time zone are we in please change to current
tell me once again.
set alarm for tomorrow at two pm
show me podcasts
i want to hear it again.
give me train times from station to location
thanks but i think you made some mistakes.
you are so smart.
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
where is morocco located
play the local r. n. b. radio station
brew a pot of coffee
olly i like you cancel.
have you made a mistake.
please turn the lights down
i want to start a new list of power tools on sale at true value
what is the forecast
can you take five and divide it by three
can i get delivery from this restaurant
switch to eastern time zone
please set alarm to my mobile phones
what exhibits or shows are scheduled at the metropolitan theater
add grocery shopping to my to do list
i am sorry but i think it's not the right command.
do more light
describe a chart
speak as loud as you can
play i spy with me
lights up
read to me the last messages in my feed
give me the best pizza deals offered today
that's good one, thank you very much.
what's the time in china right now
please remove the alarm which i set for today morning
stop after current song
count the number of food items on the list
which is the next event coming up
what day is easter
my favorite music is rock from the early two thousands
give me some dim light
what is elvis favorite ride
command was confirmed.
what day of the week is it
can you confirm it.
tweet a disgusted face about mcdonalds
what is going on today in biloxi
shut up.
save opinion on song
i like you check what i last said please.
thanks but i think you do not get me.
tell me the time in this time zone
i need to find a gift what stores are within a one mile radius
add dan@dancom to my contacts
make coffee at six am
play an fm
i like you confirm last thing said please.
how much is starbuck's stock these days
please check new email from andy
what's happening today
please give height of lindsey lohan
what is john smith's home phone number
lights turn off
when does panama city mall open
is there is a high traffic
what notifications do i have in social media
please check my facebook account
find a recipe for homemade bread
Show me popular exchange rates
what is john smith's number
remind me later
i need an alarm set for five hundred and thirty am tomorrow
please add smithjoe@email dot com to the contact information for joe smith
where is the best mechanic in eagle point
anything interesting happening next friday
need a taxi tomorrow at eight in the morning
what time is it in denver
start vacuum cleaner now
give me the specs on the bugatti veyron
tell me if an earthquake happens in the world
search the item
search jack in contacts
convert new york time to london
turn off bedroom lights in ten seconds
notify me when the event is going to take place
show ana number
uhh no, you gave me not correct information.
what list do i have
check if i have set any alarm for morning
open email
is it bumper to bumper
tweet verizon customer service
please shut off the kitchen lights
what is the current weather in denver
start the radio now on low volume
turn up the lights in the living room
what is the current temperature outside
create a playlist
can you tell me what list i have
i have no idea for which to choose.
please could you try what you've said once more.
oh no, you've done the task wrong.
it's eight fifty five here what time is it in england
what day does easter fall on
that's enough, stop it.
find me the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
find me the oldest hotel in washington dc
do i have any meetings on friday's afternoon
wake me at daybreak
make the living room light orange
please set a reminder alarm for three pm on Saturday
turn off the bathroom light
play my book
recipe please
set a thanks giving event for friday
what is now stock price of tata
please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me
refresh email
tweet I'm complaining about to consumer service
please show me the local weather
can you adjust the lighting for me to be brighter
how does merriam webster define ultra
change my clock to central time zone from my current zone
do i need to undertake any particular activity during my stay at the yellowstone national park
what is the definition of a probiotic
mobile device explanation
i would like you to check what last said please.
speak all items for to day
to do list for today please
yes that is confirmed.
please will you shut down.
list all set alarms
play music that are classical only
book taxi for now
turn off socket
i want to go to mcdo
how much would it cost to buy stock in apple
one more time again.
can you start the coffee
audio start
get recipe for apple pie
how to cook that meal
help me make brownies
include this item
play fishing podcasts that are favorited
tweet a complaint to comcast
i do not want to use the socket anymore
please could you shut off.
turn off my wemo plug socket
change the alarm weekly settings
can you find the dave ramsey podcast that aired earlier today
what's new on facebook
do you know how to cook risotto
how many kids jackie chan does have
be mute
instagram
give me the morning news
play the bob and tom show
make new list
please record what i have said about this song
what is time now in california
i need to wake up make me the strongest coffee you can make
please search for events in my location
secure train passage for me on july three
make the lights pink at the house
save this song in my favorites
oh no, you gave me not right information.
begin vacuuming
what mexican food is around me
do i have a meeting on saturday march twenty fifth
what time i sit in china right now
what are all my lists
resume last playlist
who won the sports game last night
yeap it's confirmed.
please set alarm for all days
open sirius app and play the classical channel
say a joke
remove noodles from the list
march tenth lands on what day of the week
i need sport's news
please cancel my next hair cut
what is the birthday of hemingway
switch off the power
create a list of jewels to be bought
i would like to hear the last you just said again.
don't really care.
please let me know the what raj's status update in facebook
play my favourite podcasts
go to the next episode in this podcast
i want you to play this game for me
tell me when obama was born
post to twitter trump is such an ass
i need to submit a complaint
how much is a round trip train ticket to go to new york
repeat all
reply to john's email today saying i will be late
i don't really care.
is it going to be cloudy in london during the weekend
ask if deliver
what is amber stevens address it is in my contacts
could you shut up.
add alarm
what music genre do i listen to the most
play my morning playlist
dim the living room lights
open temple run game
what is current traffic in ohio
play little women
please rephrase me more on what you said now.
is the traffic free in some particular road
what is the phone number for the nearest location of church's chicken
it seems like olly's command was not right.
can i get the food to go
i would want you to tweet for me at india consumer complaints forum regarding the late delivery of gas cylinder
can you pause and rewind the audio then resume
what do you get when you multiply sixteen by nine
what food is good
switch up the color of the lights in the house
what is the result of two by two
please keep tabs on how the presidential debates are going
save to contacts
wake me up at six am
find me an uber
clear the list
money exchange
which was that coldplay song i listened to yesterday evening can you play it again
add lunch appointment with lisa to january second at twelve thirty pm
ask a restaurant in me area
please stop for a bit
are there any accidents on my way to work
please get the coffee machine to make me some coffee
i am sorry but you did not interpret command right.
start up the coffee machine
how hot are summers in gibraltar
where jackie chan currently live
how can we prepare biriyani
what is the date and month today
can you send a tweet to lif saying that their app crashed
increase volume by one
can you play tic tac toe
train ticket
did anybody post on facebook today
turn my bathroom plug socket on
call me a cab
call me a cab to the train station
tell me about donald trump
what time is the evening meeting i have with john
Please lower the volume
add new songs to playlist
set music system to mute
olly that is all, just cancel.
please turn the volume to the loudest setting
i would like to hear the last one you said again.
i need to cancel my rsvp for dinner this evening can you remove it on my calendar as well
send message via email
select and play only christian rock from one thousand nine hundred and ninety upwards
how much traffic does atlanta georgia usually have
that is of no importance, olly.
give me the time in phoenix az
what is the square of 4
what is the highest microsoft stock price today
is everyone on my facebook list watching the game
brighten the lamp next to the sofa
i challenge you to a game
lower the lights a little more
this is too bright
book uber from my home
tell me current time
please provide the contents of the list
change the light color the red
get sia's cheap thrills ready to play next
what is new news for today
what alarms are set right now
has the weather changed for wednesday at all
how much indian rupees per u. s. d. today
weather this week
have i set any alarm for today
whatever is ok with me.
thanks but i think that was not the correct command.
make me some coffee from the coffee machine
i would like to know the latest from nbc news
what's next song on my playlist
show me my emails from the past hour
tell me again please.
have a taxi pick me up
tell me the direction to miami from chicago
what is the time in hyderabad
create an event gym day on monday and set it to repeat
my alarms
uhh no, i think not right response.
update me on stock price of this company stock
did apple stocks go up or down
email hwu@gmail dot com add to email contacts
go to favourite list
skip to next
i have no idea about what to do, olly.
louder volume please
what is twenty four times six
how would you define a car
Has john sent me any new emails
turn my iroomba on
reserve a ticket to go to destination by train
i think that's not correct answer.
slow rock it's ok
power up the plug socket one
play chopin
what the time difference from here to ottawa
send reply thank you so much mom to mom
olly find any alarms i have set for today
what is the best pizza near me that delivers
hey reply a mail which i received
olly shuffle playlist
book train ticket to ny
remove apple from list
confirm that please.
tweet this tweet coffee was too hot and at this company costa coffee
can they provide takeaway
send an email to george brown
where is the closest sweet frog
raise your volume
is there anything to do tonight
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
can you lower the lights
let's play some pong
please remove the grocery list from my set of lists
turn up lights
play music now from radio plus
thumbs up this song
find my next event and delete it please
power up the vacuum
olly could you shut up please.
get me to the nearest train station
what's jesse's number
i need to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
add wash jeans to laundry list
dim the lights in the hall
i would like to hear some rap music
open the two towers and play
what is recipe
book train ticket to new york
please inform me of any new status updates
when does my alarm go off
open a new email to contact
my events
reset please.
please let me know where david is travelling
hey do you know any jokes
what are the results of the election
did renee just post to my facebook feed
you are the best, thank you so much, olly.
set the event to recur on the first monday of the month
how long does it take to get the train from rome to paris
s2, i do not catch up with you.
please delete all meetings of today after seven pm
let's have the radio on
what defines a triangle
what is the answer to two by two
is there anything happening on jazz scene around edinburgh
just add a new email in my contacts from michael
show me where i can find a hamburger
delete from playlist my old english songs list
play the last played audiobook
did mike send me an email
what is today's date
remove the grocery list from my active lists
start my robot vacuum cleaner
please shut the lights
got it correcly.
play this podcast
i'dl like to hear any classical except for bach or schubert
time difference between uk and us
pull up kate's email and write that i will let her know
please mute yourself
are there any takeaways around here
i want to change the color of the lights
can it takeaway from ammi biryani
your answer was not what i was looking for.
please help me turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
co play game monopoly
write email to family member and read it back
what are the new movies releasing
i want to hear your last instruction you said again.
could you change the lights colour to green please
find easy recipe for corn bread
show me my lists
does my co worker have a home phone number
how many hours difference is there between london and new york
i want to listen to today's hits
can i have timing of keral express
delete the scheduled meeting on fourth october twelve pm
create a new shopping list
i am unable to hear you can you speak little loud
please provide current time in india
can you speak it again please.
are you sure that is correct.
when was the last alarm set
let us play millionaires
shit, you've done a task wrong.
is it noon in paris
tell the latest news about the trump
send email to robert, what time is dinner
save this song as my favorite
can i please have a cafe americano
can you book me a train ticket to bombay for tomorrow in any train
would you elaborate your words once again to me please.
does the robot vacuum cleaner have to be plugged in
call me for this meeting
exchange rate for converting ten dollar to euro
stop the audio
put on the god of small things
turn off the garage light
hey email jan about our meeting
find me a description of morel mushrooms
i want an alarm for three today
stock price for apple
change the lights to my favorite color
if there any alarm is set then let me know
i don't understand what you just said now.
hail taxi
add erosser@hotmail dot com as a new contact for emily rosser
yes you've understood my instructions exactly.
what's the news in politics on cnn
help me start my kitchen list
book me a train ride
what music do i usually listen to
tell me the names on the list
what is the train schedule to denver
i am gonna need an umbrella today after sunset
change up the light colors at home
turn on the tunes
what are the concerts happening nearby
please tell me what day this event reminder is set for
send this song to my favorites
what do i have next to do
has sarah posted anything today
tell me the exact arrival time of train from newcastle to edinburgh
pause for ten seconds
open solitaire play with me
keep me informed about bitcoin price
that does not matter.
say joke
i like to be it
please turn off the light of my son's room
tell me a joke about dogs
give me the birth date of mahatma gandhi
kill item
turn off the living room lights
i am no longer attending the wedding on the tenth so remove it from my calendar
can i take food home here
tell me a joke about lawyers
please recommend a restaurant in seattle
delete list
is there a takeout menu at the restaurant
you have understood my instructions exactly.
olly i would like you just stop it.
can you turn the lights up
what day of the week is june twenty seventh on this year
could you clarify further on what you said now to me please.
i wish to go for cheap shopping is there any dollars shop nearby
call me a taxi
does shibaru sushi deliver
i would not bother.
when does the last train from work leave
turn my morning alarm on
save that email as a new contact
set list
tell me the temperature in pheonix
send email to bro and say hi come down for dinner tonight
book my chair class ac train ticket from manhattan to new york
i'd like an espresso
tell me formula for area of circle
any one will be ok with me, olly.
read me the front page of the new york times
s2, do not get your answer.
olly will you cancel it.
can you make the lights go out
where is the pharmacy in leavenworth
what time does thor start
would you tell me that once again.
channel seventy two point five
show me the information of friend
please go to settings of the music player and make the equalizer in the flat sound mode
let me know what maria has put on her facebook over the weekend
knock knock
when it is nine in the east what time is it in the west
on third april we will go to watch j llb movie set it
is there any new email
who is the contact that last called me
i want to hear a good joke
anything new on insta
please start vacuum
yes i like to save opinion on song playing and which player support that song
what are the details on umf
make a coffee
check last thing said please.
may twenty two is my birthdate and i want to know the what day is twenty third may
Volume louder softer
could you speak once more please.
delete that
open audible and continue playing the book that i was listening to
ocean eleven
i don't really mind to choose any one.
please turn my speakers on google
did any emails come for me in the last five hours
increase light
what day is the meeting on
please can you check that.
may i know what is trending in social media
delete all my calendar events
that was useful,.
send an email to peter and ask him how is he now can i do something to help him
next alarm
take item off list
the music volume should increase to ninety
start new smart socket
let us try your last things once more please.
save the information which is provided by aman on this song
tweet a complaint to amazon about late shipment
thanks but you didn't get me.
what new movies are played in cinemas this week
create an alarm for six am
format the calendar
disable alarm for three pm
please be silent until i tell you not to be
i think you made some mistake, please check it.
please play my cricket game
play for me american idol on television
create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
get me fresh news
does peking garden deliver
email chris add following content sorry I will be late today
save all songs from katy perry
i need some coffee please
what is nine time ten
make an alarm for me at five am tomorrow
book a ticket for the ethan allen express to vermont
what is on the list for today
this song is composed by whom
set alarm for twelve weeks from today at eight am
email my sister about mom's birthday jane we should think about arranging the party at the park
book a cab to office for me
how many dollars is twelve pesos
tell me my alarms
play me all jazz music
clear all data from calendar
set an alarm for seven thirty am
where is a petrol station in five mile radius
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and canadian dollar
write a tweet telling macy's that they should be shutting down instead of jcpenney
can i order out
what is the sum of fifteen ninety nine dollars and six sixty five dollars
hey turn off the light please
what music is being played right now
tell me my music likes
what did the s n. p close out at
do i have any emails from katherine
add a reminder for april twenty as my bro's birthday
what new posts are on my page
please check email from my boss
you've done it correctly thank you.
play anything new from my podcast subscriptions
turn the vibrate off from speaker
confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again
be silent for thirty minutes
play the song for me
what do you do with my personal data
change light color to blue
i really ska music
do you know the name of the song that is playing
can you shut off please.
what to do lists do i have
amazing job, you have done well.
read email
get me resume of best seller audio book this month
does pink have a new baby
i want to listen to one oh one point one the whiz
set the lights on blue
i like music
are you happy today
current traffic
how many calories did i burn with my fifty minutes of yoga
initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
pull up the shopping list
i need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
order pizza for delivery
select the item
what's happening on bbc news today
play the podcast named ringcast
i want you to fast forward the audio then resume
find jokes on the web
send the following email to bro hi come down for dinner tonight
repeat the last song again
new updates
raise the volume of the speakers to fifty five percent
erase my appointment with ted
it's great one, thank you very much.
how many euros are in a dollar
what are my new contact emails
stock market
what is the best shop restaurant around angel
toggle wemo plug socket on
exchange rates of inr and u. s. d.
can you really see russia from alaska
any activity in the area
add a reminder to april fourth to go to the dentist
any one, olly.
play the seventh episode of the morning after
yeap exact response to command.
this was not what i am searching for.
which week is twenty third
please change the volume to mute
i do not know, olly.
would you check and confirm the question please.
can i pass the bypass road at current traffic
please can you confirm it.
you did nice job, appreciated, olly.
did my mom send me an email
radio one thousand and twenty seven
s1, would you elaborate further on your answer to me please.
reply to heather's latest email by answering no
s2, i could not quite catch up with you.
change the light color to red
set an alarm
have pho send three egg rolls
could you open my list app and check for groceries please
can you please give me john's email
list the current price of microsoft shares
who has covered this song
show me emails from my friends
would you repeat the last please.
change color of lights
brighten of lights in living room
describe blanket
i'd like you just stop.
my vacuum cleaner should start between ten to eleven am everyday
will you turn the alarm off for me
what's on my schedule this week
can i change this light to orange
are there any alarms set
could you please turn on the plug
start vacuum bot
open vacuum cleaner
when is sunset
date in new york
what is the name of that song
is there traffic
have i received any mentions on twitter
show alarms
darken
how much money is one dollars worth in denmark
forward email
that's a good song
could you tell me one more time please.
clear my next event
could you please confirm if paradise does takeaway
thanks for the response, olly.
tell me when i get new emails from principal lowry
make the ceiling lights brighter
yeap you've got your understanding right.
tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horrible
could you please confirm the instruction.
i want to make this week's shopping list
what did you mean by it.
tell me the name of my lists
how about a game of snakes and ladders
office lights off
turn the volume off
how does the desk look
can you play my favorite audio book of king kong
keep the socket in off condition
how much is the dollar worth compared to the euro
make the lights off
please turn on my music
open the two towers
what is the weather next week
schedule a sales meeting for wednesday at eleven am
tell me about joose
can you pull up the dave ramsey podcast that aired on monday
did i get an email from jen last night
keep me up to date on the election news
i just want to know some information about you
turn off the living room light
please turn on my vacuum cleaner
comcast sucks put that on their twitter account
show me delivery near me
how much money in us would i need to have a thousand pesos
find transportation to rome
can you get me a taxi home
set reminder for tennis game with peter on Sunday at four pm
customer service from microsoft never called me back
i want to order some pizza
please turn bedroom lights off
rm rf calendar
what's the stock price of this item
clear list
let's play canasta
what is new
add new items in the remainder list
activate vacuum cleaner
what alarms do i have
off the speakers
what music is playing now nine hundred and ninety nine fm
take me to music player
add my car payment on the twelfth in my calendar
what will the weather be for the next week
turn up the lights in here please
call a car for me
let wendy's know i hate them
ah it's great work.
please tell me how can I remove the item
robot vacuum cleaner on
please start an email for my sister
does my calendar say i'm free on april one two thousand and seventeen
next episode please
play audiobook snow white
tell me pizza restaurants close by
olly please read me today's news
turn the lights to red color
can you reserve a train ticket for this day
play me some podcasts about getting rich quick
what is the latest headline news from this newsource
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
what lists do you have on you right now
wouldn't really know, olly.
events in the local area
would you like to play a game with me
play the next podcast episode
cancel all alarms
tweet at united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
what's the exchange rate between the us dollar and the euro
i don't bother.
whats the time now
tell me the best recipes for a given dish
what alarms do i have scheduled for tomorrow
make the light more visible
open subway surfers
begin new list of lottery numbers
change the lights to green
find me news about trumps speech
please delete all meeting after seven am
dim the lights in the kitchen
what's an easy recipe to cook for food
i am not so clear about your answers.
turn down media volume
repeat this list in random order
what does pro bono mean
call an uber now
raise the brightness of the lights
check item five on my to do list
clean the floor please
i think that's not the right command.
put that song in my favourite list
what is the date for next tuesday
start the podcast over that i started last night
open train ticket app
customer service complaint
email james about the softball game james we need to get some refreshments before heading over
need information about events before shift ends
i want to listen to the bob and tom show
olly cancel alarms
will you retry please.
cheer me up
check and confirm that please.
what time does the dinner party start tonight
convert current time from ist to est
what can you do
tell me where i can go shopping in this area
i do not think that was correct.
please turn the lights off in the bathroom
please delete bananas from my shopping list
recommend a restaurant with medium expense
set coffee maker to start at three
what day does april sixteenth fall on
tell me time of alarm you set
mail macs@xorg
what is the geographic info of a pop singer rahman
can you please update me on the latest tweets from my feed
repeat this song
i would like to listen to this programme on radio
reply email
on Tuesday what is the weather supposed to be
what alarms are set for this week
show me upcoming programmes on one hundred and five point one
order a pizza with sausage from domino's
trending social media
taxi now
olly will you shut up please.
it should spices
i want to hear this radio station now
start audiobook the time traveller
how many contacts are there named john
show me the name of the song playing right now
read me my alarms
what year did this song come out
i need you to turn on the vacuum cleaner
email my mother
make a cup of coffee for me
set the alarm for nine am on weekends
how much is one u. s. d. in inr
recommend artists similar to rihanna
could you do it again please.
do homework for me please
can you please turn off the light of my bed room
that's good, thanks.
do i have any appointments coming up
how to cook yellow rice
tell me about price of stock for innova
how will be the weather at night
euro to u. s. d.
i don't really mind.
what's the rate between the u. s. d. and ukraine's currency
give the list of theaters in the vicinity
do not mind for any one.
podcast play
what events are happening near me
yeah you did it exactly.
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of twenty three march
delete everything on my calendar for the next two weeks
i wouldn't bother.
any low priced delicacies
where can i eat along route sixty six
do i have an alarm set
please look up clothing stores near me
please play podcasts on science
coffee make now
what is latest on the recent events happening right now
make the lights shine blue
i'd like you confirm the question please.
tell me the contact details of my brother
list events in ny
start a new shopping list
please try what you've just said again.
sunny in oslo
don't really bother.
who is singing the song i am listening to right now
activate the vacuum
give me the winning numbers to the powerball lottery
please show me best run program in jodhpur
jlo fan updates
find restaurant order food name
could you please cancel my train ticket
delete my meeting event for march nineteen at one pm
tell me all events for today in my city
have my iroomba clean the house
speak louder
please remove item a from my list
it's right.
check the status of my order
dammit, it isn't what i asked.
please quiet the speaker
title of song
is traffic heavy on route eighty today
don't care.
lets hear it from fm ninety six point five
remind me to water my plants every tuesday thursday and saturday
find me the nearest chinese for delivery
please book a taxi in uber for me to go to the airport today
give me contact mail id
alarm me at eight am
please tweet for me about the bad service rended by the taj restaurant
what time does the last train arrive in dallas
may i ask you to dim the lights
what is happening in the world right now
remind me to go grocery shopping today
please can you stop it.
how do i get from my house to the target along I forty
turn off eight am alarm
olly that's enough, stop it.
it is too dark in here increase the brightness of the lights
reply an email to jason that i will not come tonight
have i set any alarms in the morning
would you please confirm details.
iphone
disable smart socket
what's it like outside
what is latest news about this world
make an alarm for four pm
please remove any alarms that i have set
whats a good place to eat around midtown new york
send an email to bob
show me what time it is
turn on the roomba
could you speak louder
what is an alternative to flour
you are my hero, thank you, olly.
can cats eat fish
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
it's too dark here
does louie's do take out
look up the number of people living in miami florida
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
the command was confirmed.
where was steve jobs born
what movies are playing tonight
what week of the year does the summer season start
tell a joke that puts smile on my face
add oil change to my to do list
is there any construction on route sixty six
could you please create a pandora channel for adele
what is this person's contact information
if switch is on then turn on else turn off
show me a spaghetti recipe
please we're the following alarm
please shut off.
please will you speak once again.
turn off lighting
add shopping to my to do list
make me a cup of coffee please
today i had a record breaking sale
want to have vibrant colours
how long to get to work
i needed to prepare for a meeting
please see see for me the alarms that you have set sunday morning
give me a recipe for lasagne
i'd like to listen to ninety nine point five
what album is this song on
set an alarm for seven am
hows twitter
can you remove my to do list
tell me what's happening on instagram
hey olly on the twentieth clear my calendar
whatever is okay for me.
can you turn msnbc on in the car
i have no idea, olly.
up the volume the sound is too low
i need the arrival time for new york train
yes exact response.
good response to command.
i need to know what is the date today
do i have a date for tonight
turn up sound
send a tweet to amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
compile favorites list according to my song feedback
please check my gmail for new mail
i want to start a new list
do i need a jacket today
does mcdonalds do takeaway
how many pesos to an american dollar
sorry but it's not the right answer.
yes your understanding was perfect.
play episode ten in the podcast
hey i like music by sigur ros
how many alarms do i have set for morning hours between six and nine am
what's the time in this time zone
how do you pan sear a porterhouse steak
is it supposed to rain tomorrow
check my last post on instagram
can you give me a recipe for homemade chicken noodle soup
where is the best place to buy party supplies in town
is there a food festival in the area
start my audio book from where i left off
show me boston's current time
keep playing the episodes in order
Turn down volume
add light
set an alarm for nine am
play national public radio
thanks but i think it's wrong response.
are the streets congested right now
searching for recent happenings on the particular dates
is brad pitt married
would you confirm the question.
format data from calendar
would you go check my emails for me
make a note please i like modern alternative rock music
please order take from jason's deli
turn off the upstairs lights
what's the time for neighboring city
can you check to see if i have any recent email alerts
what's the name of this song
tweet error log to samsung
what is the name of this musical group
access coffee maker begin process
the song touches my heart
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party
make an alarm
when is my train coming
please delete my lunch date from the march twenty third schedule
book a train for twenty two march at twelve pm
play the kansas city hip hop station
if i call mike in california at six pm what will his time be
how big is the tower of london
compose a new email but i got a new address this time brandon at example dot com
please make me wake up at four am tomorrow
facebook current stock rate
shit, that isn't what i wanted.
by remote sensor
do not wake me up tomorrow
please would you just cancel it.
give me the list of the top five safest cars to buy
cancel my event on june nineteenth
invite people to the calendar event
wrong i will repeat the command now.
activate a one week notification before my anniversary please
i would talk to you later.
turn the lamp off
could you tell me the last one you just said again please.
you are leading me into wrong.
give me the time
what new movies are good
why did gotse shoot mahatma gandhi
crockpot recipe for chicken alfredo
what movies are playing tonight at nine pm at the amc nine
show the playlist
please turn off all the lights outdoor
thank you.
ah that's awesome work.
order pizza
i could not quite catch up with you.
whats online
olly can you just stop it please.
does restaurant royale deliver takeaway
where is the closest uber
let me get a cup of coffee please
save email id
create a new to do list
yeah that's confirmed.
how many calories did i burn between three and five today
can you check train schedule to berkeley
hey i want to get trains to manchester on Wednesday
how about some pizza tonight can you please order a pepperoni large
book a train ticket from los angeles to chicago that goes via miami
please play red fm
google search the topic
amazon deals
did I set an alarm to have tablets in the noon
turn office lights off
yeap excellent response to the command.
will you shut down please.
list phone and email id of robert
turn off the six am alarm for Wednesday
order a ham and cheese sandwich from subway
it must be mistake.
i think you have done the task all wrong.
vacuum living room
show me tutorials on cooking food
does not matter, olly.
what is price of dollar
remove tuesday alarm of nine am
display address of john
what is the timing of bagmati express
let me know the list
is the balloon festival this weekend
can you book a train ticket for me under dollars
if i have twenty dollars how many francs is that
would you cancel it please.
send tweet via message to cardinal cafe and tell them their customer service is outstanding
what went on in the world today
what is my daughter's phone number
please mute the speakers
nearest walmart location
tell me about the latest sports news
this is not the correct answer.
is the train time to a location long
what is the day today
open minestart game from previous played level
my mail
set alarm of every tuesday of march month morning eight am
how much does the fb stock cost
take off this list
order a twelve piece honey mustard wing combo with seasonimg altnon the fries and a sprite as the drink
please remove the following list
give me best cooking ideas
i'm looking for a bar do you know a good one
open pandora app
on every tuesday remind me to go shopping
i like you stop it.
top ten movies
could you once again rephrase me about your answers.
name a rom com movie playing in and around new york theatres
do i have a party tomorrow save on my calendar
you did awesome job,.
what's three plus three hundred and fifty five
send email to bill asking to reschedule
dea guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
change lights to blue
increase volume please
hey olly mute the speakers
what does a baguette look like
hi olly please cancel all the programs for friday
how to get somewhere
what's happening in my social media
all new mail
i want to bright the room more
hi can you please turn lower the lights
what takeout places are near me
take out the milk from the shopping list
find me a train ticket for the next trip to washington dc
i really enjoy rock and roll
play jumper by third eye blind
yeah that was fantastic.
disable the alarm which is set at nine thirty pm
please begin clash of clans
find me the best knock knock joke on the internet
what are new drama movies opening this weekend
yeah please.
how is the weather of this place
when is the next office meeting
can you put the lights on the high setting
i need to know how to make stuffed peppers
how is the current traffic between
how do i cook a medium rare steak
give me petey's telephone number
turn off my first alarm
list events nearby new york
how much is one american dollars worth in england
i need to go to dundee at five am on sunday by train
set a meeting with tom tomorrow at seven pm
send an email to my mum that i will visit her next weekend
is there any grocery nearby
how do i cook a meatloaf
does pf changs do takeout
best reviews restaurant in south sacramento
make this a bit louder
alert me at the time of the event
if it is six am here what time is it in tokyo
increase light intensity
where is mcdo
wemo on
i want to resume where i last left off in my audio book
turn off one light in my bedroom
does pizza hut have delivery
turn off lobby light
olly will you just stop it please.
turn off shuffle
can you turn the volume up
can you please further elaborate what you just said.
how tall is roraima mount
i want to play blackjack
i don't get this.
save my opinion about the current song playing
directions please
local events
i'd like to send a reply
i am not so clear about that.
yes correct response.
i can't hear you speak up
life
live show reminders
next episode
olly talk to you later on.
just to confirm you set the alarm to go off at eight hundred
how can i contact this person
power off on
i am in need of some pizza what's the closest place that delivers
what are the show times for logan at the nearby theatre
would you shut up.
mute speakers please
what are john's contact details
tell comcast i am still on hold
did i add milk to the shopping list
light colour for study room
can you suggest a good drama for me to watch
please tell kmart they sent the wrong item
how old is emma watson newest boyfriend
hey sound is low can you tune it up
can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
i need a ride to the airport
i bought pre season baseball tickets
transition to another color for the lights
how long should the drive to work take
how is iron made
current date please
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning
hey what's today's date
can you play a game with me
send happy new year to john@gmail dot com
thank you so much for the information.
tell me about rock
show all emails regarding the breach
play the serial podcast
place alarm at five o'clock morning
hey olly have you heard any funny jokes lately
turn off one light on porch
play rohan sharma podcast for me
further elaborate me on what you have said please.
give me more light
what is the time difference between eastern time and pacific time
tell the golden fork that i want their fish risotto delivered
what baseball games are scheduled for this week in tulsa
turn it up
play jingle bells
please turn off the lights in the bedroom
play chess
check stock prices on this
tell me it one more again please.
change the lighting to blue
on the button of cleaner
please turn off my patio lights
song info
repeat what i've just said please.
get me a taxi to take me to the airport on friday at five thirty am
hey put carrots on that
can you locate some gospel music for me
yeap you get that perfectly.
add a new email
make the lights blue please
play heavyweight podcast
could you please set an alarm at six am
call a taxi to pick me up right now
its very tough one
snooze all today's alarms permanently
jj.nzt@yahoo dot com
any one is good, olly.
lights at percent
will i need an umbrella today
olly's command is incorrect.
exchange rate between dollar and mexican peso
i need more light
can you send an email for me to a new email address
switch on robot vacuum cleaner
play wuthering heights from where i left off
yeap it was correct.
will you please clarify again.
do i need my tire pressure checked
start the vacuum
convert usa time in to indian time
send a tweet about my complaint on my truck to consumer digest
what's traffic look like over the golden gate bridge
what trending on twitter
at one pm today start the robot vacuum cleaner
you got that perfectly.
find funny jokes
make an alarm for the morning
how do i cook meatballs
how much has hp stock gone up
does panda garden deliver
musch appreciated, that's good.
your answer is not clear.
set the volume to low
tell me the list about
when is stassi schroedder's birthday
can you please further explain me about that.
switch to night light setting
please will you check details.
did you add tomorrow's meeting to my calendar
get yourself muted
i feel like having soup for lunch order from wangs kitchen restaurant a chicken manchow soup
the meeting with justin and katrina has been changed put it on thursday
can you tell me a nice joke
charges of delivery
what is that on the list
please mute for five minutes
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and cad
i need to get a ticket via train to orlando from hwood
please give me the latest feed updates
please will you say that one more again.
please find a mail address of manoj and tell me
call domino's pizza
olly that is all, just stop it.
what are the list of things i need to buy today
that is of no importance for me.
i want to dance to the tune of raghu dixit
would you replay please.
i want to order some takeaway food
how is the traffic right now
delete an item
increase the volume to seventy percent
what time does the train to place leave
make me coffee at eight am
what is happening now
start cleaning robot cleaner
send new email to jana dot litt at gmail dot com
will you confirm that please.
once again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
how high is pikes peak
has derek logged into facebook today
i'd like you check what i last said please.
can you explain me further on what you just said.
what is the latest traffic report for miami
give me the names of my lists
what stores have clearance
rowan atkinson info
let's play a game of truth or dare
tell me the last spoke one more time.
please turn up the volume
start vacuuming
get route for los angles from here
s2, i was not so clear about what you said now.
oh it's great job.
would you check my last question please.
let me know when charges hit my credit card
who is the most frequently called person in my phone book
your answer was not so clear.
i want to order a takeaway from papa john's
i like jazz you should know
i would like to listen to my audiobook
when is the next septa train to philadelphia
check by inbox for me
start roomba
radio play nine hundred and eighty nine please
can you add up thirteen plus five plus nine for me
please turn off only right side light
i need you to turn off the light of my bed room
oh no, you did task all wrong.
resume harry potter book five
is it going to snow tonight
what's worth watching
lower all volume on speakers please
is it raining now
more volume please
what plays are showing at the theatre
how much is ten u. s. d. to cad
that doesn't matter to me, olly.
buying of groceries new list
set meeting with the ceo tomorrow
any events this weekend in pondichery
did you get the last thing i said correctly?
please turn off all the lights in the house
open fishdom game
go to radio
what is the definition of inchoate
what apple trading at
will you please shut up.
start radio and go to frequency on nine hundred and forty three
what is the factorial of x
find out what song this is and tell me the name
play my play list
double cappuccino small please
what is zero divided by zero
can you see if there any trains going to
i want to wake up at six am tomorrow please
play npr through my living room stereo
dismiss my next event
please play the beatles ps i love you
give me the definition of arrow
open up angry birds
evaluate today's schedule
display available lists
order a train ticket to los angeles now
what is currently trending on twitter
is there any event today in my calendar
yes that's fantastic.
decrease brightness
what's the recipe for fried chicken
tell me a joke about chickens
is there a traffic jam on my route
remove all the events in my calendar
delete all events and content from my calendar
find me a cheap train ticket for miamy
send an email to john
find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the us please
find me the smallest coffee shop in new orleans
my coffee is cold please make more coffee
make coffee
prepare the order as soon as possible
please call the golden fork and tell them to deliver one portion of the fish risotto
what is included in the tour's list
how long should i simmer rice for
is anything different today about blank
should i take my raincoat with me now
book a ticket for the evening train line
can you please clarify me more on your answer.
please show today meting with clients
please make ke a coffee
what is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
can you wake the roomba for the kitchen
turn off the wemo plug socket
i am really craving for chinese food right now please let me order take out
what is frieda's home address
what is the best hardware store near me
tell me when my next doctors appointment is
give me the news on donald trump
play my midnight love playlist
describe the computer to me
is the coffee ready
find a taxi to book
are there any new snapchats
have i received any emails from my father
how long until my order arrives
stock up or down for walgreens
did you get my last command correctly?
what country has the most population
olly shut down please.
is the song by shakira
what do i need to pick up at the grocery store
give the shortest route to the airport
delete the alarm i just set
remove finlee's bedtime alarm
turn on the roomba for me
what is google
plays the podcast from the beginning
can you find a nice restaurant downtown
save my opinion on adele's song
convert time zone
let's play chess
i have a complaint
end pause on audio book history of rome
lindafancy55@gmail dot com
you have done it correctly thanks, olly.
what time is twelve pm eastern time in pacific time
what's the traffic this morning
activate the robot and vacuum the floor
what is the highest mountain in the world
what do they have going on at young circle this week
could you please check and confirm details.
when the birthday will be
check email client
check the status of my pizza hut order please
can you remove this item from the list
could you please check that.
i have a deadline on tuesday
do a tournament with me in candy crush
could you please help me to order some sushi from deliveroo
cheering me up
which book fair events are taking place next week in washington dc
what is the best method to decide what the best thing to do isre
what should i watch today
get me a train ticket to go to
how much is a train ticket to san fransisco
what are the next three alarms set to go off
set a two day notification before maria's birthday please
please find out of charley's steakhouse delivers
what are the ingredients necessary
what is the weather in utah
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts
please play michael jackson album
yeah excellent.
what the sexiest food to cook on a date
skip ahead to the next podcast
please remove the alarm set for wednesday called kickball
could you confirm the question please.
find me the recipe for a cake
would like to know the alarm you sent
what's bob scrote's net worth
id like to know if there are any accidents on the route that i am taking
can you book a train ticket for my father
delete scheduled alarm
how have megatel shares done last week
new york time
what is three plus four
which contact haven't i called in twelve months
please would you speak one more again.
yes answer was amazing.
can you tell me what the items on my grocery list are
find my food
this song is amazing is not it
it's useful, thank you so much.
what amount of traffic in this road
tell me about this person
why people like movies
hey order two wings with french fries from the chinese food store
i'm hungry show me some takeaway food
that's cool,, olly.
please repeat the last song
can you get me a train ticket to nyc
do you know about this lyrics
what is the meaning of the word home
save the opinion that i just posted to this song
find the nearest uber
i am not clear about your answers.
play me an upbeat song through your speakers
buy me today train ticket to city leeds
play solitaire
find the joke about the orange and the banana
how much can i bleed before i die
am i free between six to seven pm
is anyone likes my latest photo
what day of the week is the first of march
turn program on xmtune
please reduce the speaker volume
can you reset.
play me news radio channel
can i have an espresso please
will you retry it please.
don't talk until i ask you to
house change all lights to blue
cancel all meetings for today
is there any new environmental news
times clapping sound times
nice lyrics
how old is cher
control lights turn off room lights
please find the most popular store in the area
i want to listen to electric slide
what is i. b. m.'s stock worth
can you set my alarm for seven thirty am
this is my favorite song
yes the command is confirmed.
bedroom lights off now
make this email a new contact
hey i need you to make a list of cricket players of indian team who played for the international team in two thousand and fourteen
how to cook this food
play be warned by tech n9ne
turn on the plug socket one
is there any events are in the local area
cancel list
play the most recent podcast for this american life
is it sunny in gonbad now
order food from applebees
add to my groceries
could you please check and confirm that.
let me know when it is ten
read to me
open hershey twitter
i need to mute the speaker
did i leave the light on in the garage
start the audiobook file for where i left off in a tale of two cities
send this message to @microsoft on twitter
brighten the light at seventy percent
olly can you shut up.
what time is it in central time zone
i would like a coffee now
what is the total number of oceans in the world
olly that will be all.
tell me distance between sun and moon
don't mind to choose any one.
you have done that correctly thanks.
turn the volume down a little please
in delhi traffic level too high
when is the next time it will rain
will you check and confirm instruction.
give me all my lists
tell me the exchange rate us versus indian rupees
new policies
how many miles in five kilometers
delete all my events for tomorrow
where monet's exhibition takes place
if it's ten pm in california what time is it in alabama
current currency rate
remove my work alarm
it's good one, appreciated.
exchange euro to dollar
would not mind for any one.
olly turn the volume up
how many tablespoons are there in a cup
save my spotify preferences
send an uber to me right now
what is the exchange of euro to dollars
add new email to contacts
wake me up on Friday at five in the morning i need to catch the train
please play football with me
set an alarm for twelve
how is traffic
how long will it take me to get to park avenue considering current traffic
thank you so much for the help, olly.
olly please shut off.
current time please
open lyft
let's go through all pending reminders
where can i go shopping in this area
i did not want you to send that text yet wait until i say send
what awards did erica grebe win last night
i love zydeco jams
what is on the agenda for today
please let me know when is sam's birthday
turn living room lights red
could you repeat that.
search for two tickets on tuesday's train to paris
play last reason podcast
book a train ticket to new york
please remind me of all the nba scores in a week
turn out the lights
please reply to my colleagues mail about his query
what time is my alarm set for
what are movies that are playing near me with high reviews
add a reminder to my calendar every year on this date
remind me about my alarms today
can you tell me what movie has the best reviews
how many oscars does morgan freeman have
please add this email to my contacts
super song
can you do nine plus two
show various plants in earth
what is the weather forecast for chicago
i want to see the news
google train tickets to washington dc
vacuum the mud room
remind me to move so there is no weight gain
get rid of the first three events in my calendar
remove my grocery list
put this on my list
down the light power
free home delivery
could you please check and confirm my last command.
please can you tell me that word said once again.
can you tell me if i have any alarms set
i need to know where to get chicken wings in benton ar
add butter to the list
turn the smart plug on
tell me what's new
how old is barack obaba
start the vacuum for me
is that song from shakira
yeap amazing response to the command.
play lady by kenny roger
my friend john has sent me a invitation card to his newly bought home say thanks to him in his mail id
how effective will be to buy nike stock
please would you check and confirm it.
doesn't really matter to me.
turn the sound off
hmm, you've done this all in wrong manner.
schedule my meeting with my girlfriend lisa in the night today at nine pm
tell me where the local shopping district is
may i know the traffic situation
please set an alarm at six am
add song to running list
when is my alarm set for
did i get any replies from jan
could you please turn off the overhead light in the kitchen
replay the required of the musics
this is unimportant with me, olly.
show todays events in new york
update my inbox please
play nine hundred and seventy one
change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red
how much is two thousand yen in u. s. d.
please tweet waited sixty five minutes for a table at tgi fridays never going back
are there any traffic delays
put sam@gmail dot com in my email contacts list
play hopsin from my latest playlist
read new messages from my wife
lower your volume please
how many alarms are set
i need you to book a taxi for me
can you please remove the alarm
new friends request details
let me know about the alarms you set
set the alarm for tomorrow five am
can you remove remove buying eggs item from my to do list
delete the item two from the list
meeting update my calendar to reflect meeting
how old is carrie underwood
can you please change the mood of the light
can you start my saved podcast
change lights
where is a good place to eat cheap pakistani food
what is the dollar price in inr
switch on the roomba
last take away order
tweet freedom pop customer service i am dissatisfied
tell me all about hurricane
lower the volume on the speakers
add this song to favorites playlist
make the coffee
go to www dot metronorth dot com for train tickets
do i have any alarms
please read my facebook feed
is there any new news on trump
every wednesday night at five pm remind me to meet phil
let's play nine ball against me adapt with my skill level always let me win
please repeat that music again of akon
play fmod
change lighting colours
can you please turn on the coffee pot to make me coffee
where is the event today
what is my next reminder
can you look up chinese takeout near here
please check and confirm command.
can you check and confirm my last command please.
how tall is frank goggins
turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
did anyone like my photo i just posted
i want a train ticket to oregon
add ashley to the wedding invite list
can you set radio to mute
remove my six am alarm
show me all the emails received recently
that's helpful, i appreciate it.
can i get a cup of coffee
please remove my next event
s1, would you explain me about what you have just said once again.
please can you confirm the question.
what time i am waking up tomorrow
turn off the smart plug
start over please.
what's coming up this week
turn the light off in the living room
schedule text messages for later
please find me the pe most recent news on
i would like to know the route the train will go to get to miami
turn my lights to some random color
how much do you know about me
start the robot vacuum cleaner now
please book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
what is your best joke
tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
what is the temperature right now in new york
can i get the definition to ambulance
i want hot coffee
olly please would you just stop it.
please check the traffic to the home
convert euros to dollars
what alarms will wake me up tomorrow
find new trump articles but not from fox news
headlines from dhaka tribune
call a taxi for me to arrive tonight at five
silent
could you rephrase me about your response again please.
let's play space invaders together
fix the driving route from here to grant market
i have a meeting at noon today
what artist is singing that song
do i have alarms set before six in the morning
this is of no importance to me.
raise the volume of the current music
give me the update on traffic at new york
what is a good way to make steak
olly would you shut up.
play podcast episode new
turn off the rice cooker socket
remove grocery list please
delete mike stein from contacts list
meaning of word
how far is the distance to rccg ikoyi lagos from here by train
you are my star, thank you so much.
olly please would you shut off.
don't talk
rotate the light colors
what is the time difference between california and new york
which store's got the cheapest three pound beef rump
play my latest podcast
delete all meetings for tomorrow
would you tell me it one more time please.
modify the light colours of the house and make them dark instead
can you speak once again please.
please turn down the lights
ticket for new york
add to list
explain quantum physics to me in language i understand
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
what is six times sixty eight
may you please pull up information about a contact
order two cheeseburgers from wings n. ale on university drive
play pride and prejudice
play bbc radio one
please try your last sentence you said once again.
i like you to confirm question please.
just let me know the current date today
email dad how is the weather this week
please raise the light i am not comfortable at this
are there any alarms
play tennis for me
i need a ticket for a train ride to atlanta
lower the lights in the bedroom
s2, do not get the last sentence.
please make coffee according to my earlier preference
find me the perfect girlfriend
can you please turn off the lights in this room
set lights to twenty percent
raise the light
i would like a joke
what time is the party tonight
play candy crush
delete the events from the calendar on twenty eighth march
what is that one more time.
check what said.
Show me a traffic map from kamycka to dejvicka
time to sleep
turn on radio now
i need you to add this email in my contacts
add spent five dollars in my expenses list
please open snooker game i would like to play with you
you have done it right thanks, olly.
please find today's stock prices for samsung company
how is jennifer garner's career doing
please speak up
please make a list of thing i have to shop tomorrow
whats two hundred divided by five
book a train ticket to arrive in cambridge by eight thirty pm today
vacuum start
i appreciate answers.
find me the name of the artist of this music
describe a fifty inch smart tv
darker lights please
describe texture
google i. b. m. stock prices
set up an alarm clock at one pm
check the traffic to our home
how many eggs should i put in my cake mixture
please tell me that message spoke once more.
i want to play fifa seventeen
what shops are round here
who wrote the song i just wanna dance with you
tell me the movie with best imdb ratings going on in theatres near me
save this post about the song that i just listened to
play football news from radio one
tell me about the alarm timings
are there any cooking classes nearby my area
convert current time from g. m. t. to est
what time is it in mountain time zone
start vacuum
book me a cab going to location
i want the smart socket off now
please will you check my last instruction.
find game
open a new list for me
what day of the week is first april
delete lunch tomorrow
next podcast play
open contacts and find john smith
where is a great pub
please show me the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
good night lights off
i need to set up a meeting with the ceo tomorrow
is the stocks which i have invested are increasing
i was not so clear about your words.
get me directions to meijer
set a reminder for two days prior of the event
who was the first president of united states
switch off the master's bedroom
skip to the next song
how is the stock going in general
give me the definition of the word armor
turn off smart plug socket
make a new alarm
i need one cup of coffee
please could you tell me once more.
nope, i didn't say this.
buy an acela train ticket on thursday
how many emails do i have from work today
remove the guest list i created last week
please add one plus one
replay the last utterance said.
could you please have uber be at my house in fifteen minutes
what lists are open
what the highest likes on facebook
please mute the volume control
how heavy is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas this hour
start and email to john smith
how many dollars can i get for one yen
what is apple's stock
decrease speaker volume
delete all details in event
thats not it please do it again.
please add shopping at mall on twenty six march at twelve pm
are you solve my math
how many lists do i have in contacts
please add contact email johndoe@yahoo dot com to john doe's contact information
please switch off the light
write complaint to wallmart
remove cereal from my shopping list
have no idea for which to select, olly.
my new health check up new list
get me updates from kenny's facebook from the weekend
lights down to seven
any traffic issues today
hold
give me the reminders
hey what does incite mean
add dale@gmail dot com to my contacts
scan the radio for howard stern
turn on the wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
traffic congestion issues
lets hear wgrr one hundred and three point five
annie could you please search the internet and play the videos for cooking italian food
play music from good playlist
do not really mind for any one.
i'd like you to remember that i like this song
check question.
what's on tv
does restaurant have takeaway
send mom an email now
meetings from twenty to twenty five june
remove soccer list from notes
order some fried chicken from church's chicken via grubhub
deactivate smart plug socket
create vacation list
what's hot social media topics
what pubs are near the metro station
please give me all shop names in a two mile radius
where is the nearest train to me
how is the traffic in florida
tell me the time when punjab mail will reach gwalior
what music service has some soul music i can listen to
remove the item from list
show me the alarms i've set
who was the last person to email me
please let me know today's date
remove birthday party
what did you mean by saying this.
siri what does survey mean
your understanding was exact.
play this audiobook for me
what's new on social media
delete an last event reminder of twenty ninth of march twenty seventeen
do you have any suggestion action movies
wouldn't really bother.
what is tomorrow's alarm time set to
open jazz
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and indian rupee
could you check my last question.
hey i met one of my old classmates today
send a reply to robert for his email received today morning
lower lights in my room
can you play monopoly with me
i need a train ticket to
order general t'so eggroll to go
play hurt by johnny cash next
show directions to pondy
repeat the last song
change my alarms to mountain time
repeat the song playing now
delete sherlock holmes from library
what is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro
book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may two for stored passenger list
what is the best chocolate chip cookie recipe
vacuum the kitchen
convert one pound to us dollar
check time of kalka train from jodhpur station on monday
add item
book a train ticket from canada to las vegas
play jingle bells next
what is six minus four
funny joke
clear all events on my calendar
set my calendar for an alarm at five pm tuesday
remind me to take the casserole out of the oven at seven hundred and forty five pm
give me name and type of this music
make the wemo plug socket turned on
could you try what you just said one more again.
start making a coffee
switch off light
will i need an umbrella tomorrow
i'd like a cup of coffee please
please play program on xmtune
can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person
would you again explain the last sentence to me please.
erase my appointment for march seven
take off the doctor's appointment on march twentieth
i need to add this new contact for sam smith ssmith@yahoo dot com
you didn't say my name right.
what can i substitute butter with
can you turn on pandora
how many items are on my list
it's helpful, thank you.
is mysore going to be very hot and humid today whats the weather status
create an email that needs to go out to my family
set my alarm for eight am
i want you to mute
set an alarm for five minutes from now
when was Dolly parton born
would not care.
please give me the time
can i carry out with this restaurant
how's the stock for exxon mobil doing today
can you increase the brightness in the room
book a train ticket to mumbai for tomorrow
play the most current episode of levin
can you check my last question.
answer this mathematical question
what is ten times ten
trash the open list google
speak quieter
has anyone commented on my status
make sure bread is on my grocery list
read me new messages from name
what is computer
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
dim the overhead lights a tad
is my order ready
read that back
will you please turn off the smart plug
reserve a train ticket for me today to des moines
where is the closest bar
when is the next alarm
i want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list
anything is ok to me.
i like this song that is playing
please tell me that one more again.
can you add gloria to my list of clients
send a replay email
will you stop please.
play audio
set up each day an alarm at ten time for my meal
i don't really mind to select any one.
book a train ticket from orlando to chicago
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
tweet terrible service
start podcasts on nfl
what meetings do i have next thursday
email my mom
turn on the tv socket when i arrive home
increase
could you please find me the latest news from a source that i do not usually go to
please update me on my social media accounts
delete the meeting alarm at two pm on tuesday
i need a ride in an hour
how about you
can you search trump
olly please could you cancel.
tell me about the cheapest flight fares to nj today
please add oranges to my grocery list
can you pull up jeff
please slow down volume of speaker
what is a good movie to see right now
spread some lights
do i have any calendar events this month
turn off the lamps
i want to listen to a joke
order a meal from a nice restaurant
who is the better half of obama
may i know the time in london
hi what is happening in twitter today
i would like to solve maths issues
olly please just stop.
did anyone message me on facebook
can you please check my last question.
add event book club debbie's house wednesday night
i want the room to be less bright
can you please clarify me more on your answers.
what are the chances of the stock market closing below the two hundred moving average in the next fourteen days
will you please turn the lights off
reduce the lights
will it rain in the noon
delete the last list
run game
add appointment in the list
how's the weather today
light off
that's all, cancel it.
show me the list of alarms
has amy sent me any new emails
does dominos has a delivery option
turn off light
what is the track information currently
how to cook spaghetti squash
which event should i attend in my area
did you get last thing said correctly?
start candy crush
what does two plus two equal
play for me the game candy crush
once again explain your answer.
cancel sam's party
i want to figure out the stock on microsoft
i would not mind for any one, olly.
turn this room light off
tell me what is on my grocery list for this week
add grocery to list
what is the most convenient hour to catch a train to york on Saturday
how many eggs are on my grocery list
what is two plus four
is it currently raining
start email
can you delete the dentist appointment
run vacuum cleaner
tell me if i should use the train or bus to get across town today
please set an alarm at seven am tomorrow morning
shazam this music
turn my lights down to a lower level of brightness
can you tell me a joke
how many hours difference is hong kong from new york city
thank you so much.
are there any events schedule for this week
let us do it again please.
lessen the the light glow
reviews of the restaurants
how is the weather likely to be this week
play current episode
i want to take karate classes where are local karate studios
what did i put down already on the walmart list
i love that song
tell me about my alarms
please repeat that.
save my last playlist
tell me how to make tacos
create a new list please
White
what is my most played podcast
what date is easter sunday this year
turn all lights off during the day
what's the best clothes store here
tell me how to get from here to the chimes in covington
i need to turn the lights down
you understood the answer right.
i like you cancel.
excellent response to the command.
slightly raise the light
save this song in my great songs category
olly please would you shut down.
home town weather
play song aces high
how is a typhoon defined
will you please put something something@gmail dot com in my contacts
tweet my complaint to @consumer service
can i tell you about my day
what time is it in the other time zones
how is traffic from work to home
open irctc application and go to book ticket
change my alarm
show me derek's contact information
what is on my to do list today
can you tell me the current time in dallas texas
hey what is the time
what is the latest news from cbs
ally please play pandora radio
excellent job, you have done well.
start a competitive crossword for us
i want to hear what i've just said again.
just let me know the population of india
check my social networks
enter this to a list
order a takeaway sandwich and soup from the italian's
i'd like to hear that sentence spoke again.
great job, you have done well.
check how many likes did i got on my most recent post
remove the bank transaction list
what times are my alarms set for
listen to this song
play my most played songs
i did not catch that.
call and order pizza for delivery
add this song to my favorite list
give me election updates
where is a good wine bar near me
please remove the list
please can you confirm last thing said.
what's one divided by plus two divided by cup
outlet off
call mom
cleaning is good dust is so bad do now your magic clean my carpet
great work, you did well, olly.
what is the email sent by this contact read
recipe for crabmeat
please make the smart socket turn off
first week of march meetings
what is my most played song
are there any interesting stuff happened today in my twitter
say that again.
turn room light off
find me the cheapest train ticket to spain
what is your country
what's my favorite music at the moment
turn off wemo
list saturday night events near current location
what is five divided by one
i need you to add gary's email to my favorites
make this my favorite
what time is my domino's order expected to arrive
mute sound from speakers
will you reset.
get rid of the wednesday list
tweet at quote unquote
add juice to my grocery list
play compassionate cook episode twenty three
confirm that my notification is set to remind me when i leave
play what live
what is exchange for the us and euro
open clock
what's euro u. s. d. right now
what does a sea lion look like
whats up with my takeaway
convert twenty one thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. four thirty
yes it's excellent.
you should reply to the mail
whats the name of the current song
was my meeting today rescheduled
i do not catch up with you.
clap on
rock
would you like to play never have i ever
what is the day on twenty third march
turn my smart plug socket on
next episode of nyt podcast
is there any rains predicted for bangalore today
what are the big news stories on twitter
uhh no, you didn't interpret the request right.
that's enough, just cancel it.
please make a coffee for me
whats the travel time from here to dallas by train
when the meeting start
please turn off the lamp
remind me at one thousand three hundred
can i order olive garden to go
what is the dollar exchange rate
what is the name of that song that just went off
change your colors to green
can you remind me about the gym class in two hours
tweet real donald trump that angela merkel will not shake his hand anymore
what alarms do i all have set
delete all recurring staff meetings
recommend a local steak restaurant
set alarm for reminder
how do i steam rice
what is five minus one
do i have any new emails from my dad
please create a new tweet
send an email to frank and ask them what the weather going to be like this week
what on my calendar
disable shuffle
show todays reminders
please brighten the lights
olly could you stop.
go to next episode
i need a taxi ride now
what street do i take to get to downtown
which restaurants offer take out food
you've done it right thank you so much.
once again explain it to me.
no, this is not what i am looking for.
tell me if anything important is happening on social media today
what is twelve times eight
send email to nancy about tomorrow's work party details
make this room brighter
no notifications for five minutes
play music from workout playlist
are there any recent unread emails
can you tell me about the alarm called bed
send email to mom asking about the weather
can you tell me which movie is going on in the nearby multiplex
hey olly turn up the lights a little
what time is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
start the laundry
what temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
confirm detail please.
what song is on the radio
what time will a movie be shown tomorrow
list all the nearby shops
best energy food for gym
vacuum cleaner start
please send mom an email saying that i can make it next week
can you please check what i last said.
i would like this alarm permanently removed
describe a romantic love
could you check that please.
whatever would be good.
what's next on the list
whats the stock price of apple
delete all lists
what you have said was not so clear.
s2, i can not catch up with you.
who's that song by
can you sync my calendar with mark
i need to create a new to do list
it is dark
what you said now was not clear.
what is the stock price of nike today
send an email to fred from work he is in my contacts
help me find transportation to the mall of america
make me some coffee
lower volume of music player
write down meeting at seven pm
bring up the grocery list and add
what's next on my list
alter lunch event to repeat every friday
please would you reset.
show me the picture of the singer
what film should i watch
please turn on coffee maker and start brew cycle
can you book an uber after i left for office
how many likes did i get today
i think you've done task all wrong.
do it again please.
do i have anything planned for the twenty first
erase spaghetti from list
is there anything important happening on social media
display trains going to antwerp after two pm saturday
tell me about the stock for shell
start cappuccino for me now
please check this info on geographics for me
will you dim all the lights
please let's do it again.
would not know.
can you try again please.
what is the time difference between here and dakar
tell me about alexander the great
would you check and confirm the details please.
that is excellent.
recommend a movie with justin bieber
please read me my alarms
how many lists are open
jazz could be choice for me
id like to put in an order for some chinese food with hunan wok
please tell me what alarms are on
thank you very much for your answers.
send a mail to alex asking about the due payment
your understanding is confirmed.
oh no, i didn't say it.
when will the match start
i'd like to hear what you have said again.
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
change light whenever i find myself in my house
open the books and play brains book from chap nine
show me thai food near me
speak softer please
Update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
what is the current time in delhi
get latest news report on kidnapping in ny
what is the capital of new hampshire
define cpu
let's play you'll be the keeper and never change position
please delete the list
notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
post to facebook at the spa yay with a smiley face emoticon
olly please stop.
record the opinion of each individual about this song
switch off main light
i need to send an email to michael
how old is joanne
it doesn't matter for me.
that is right.
remind me about tomorrow meeting at ten am
Show times for nearest theater
i want to see the twitter handler of samsung
if it is twelve hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time what's the time in the philippines now
turn down the lights in the living room
please turn socket off
tweet complaint to sony consumer service
What event do you suggest for me tonight
what creates buttermilk
remember that this is my favorite music
please add smurfette@gmail dot com to my email contacts
i dont want any alarms
you are my hero, thank you very much, olly.
how many countries are in the european union
please try the things one more again.
on twenty third february rahul will come with me on india cricket match
is there any traffic right now
you did good job, thanks.
display recent email from john
find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup
get me two train tickets from where i am now to dallas arriving before dark
please play help
please convert nine am cst to est time
start game temple runner
what is on my shopping list
would you check what i said.
show me best in class theatre
please advise what the current news is on fox news
where is the shopping mall for shirts
please repeat the current song is being played
can you tell me what movies are playing at the movies tonight
how often does the train arrive and depart from penn station
what lists do i have
play my bookmarked audiobook
what's the sum of the two numbers four and six
I need the volume to be quieter
see you
what is fifty five minus two
sound off please
what are the prices to get to chicago on a train book the cheapest one
read the list
does the nearby chinese restaurant do delivery
dentist appointment today at nine am
what's trending on social media
find my shopping list and delete it
make it brighter
add a new email in my contacts from john
i wouldn't really care, olly.
start my bible study book again
a new list to be created by tomorrow
how can i make your day a little better
turn the lights up
put shoes on my list
start irobot
just how bad is traffic on my commute
latest tweets
tune into ninety nine point five fm
if i have five dollars how many rupies is that
please resume this playback in audiobook
what is the time difference between california and michegan
turn the volume up on music player
play one thousand and thirty seven fm
it's perfect job, musch appreciated, olly.
how is shell s stock doing today
no, it is not what i wanted.
how many of my contacts live or work in detroit
play music i have liked
order one coffee to starbucks coffee shop
well done, thank you so much.
play new radio channel
can you say one more again.
please add this song to my playlist favorites
you've done that right, olly.
that does not matter for me.
what information do you have on file in my information about bill
what is the temperature today
hey what's the current time in austin
let me know of the meeting on tuesday
get me a coffee
get me some latte please
link me to jeff's email
how often do you complete updates
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
i want to know what supermarket near me has the best price on gluten free bread
does peking garden take orders over the phone
play party songs
whatever would be good to me, olly.
thanks but it's not the correct command.
i no longer need the daily five pm alarm
what's the stock of apple
i like you to confirm the details please.
yes perfectly.
how many phone numbers do i have for brenden
stock price for sprint
tell me about alarms
could you confirm detail please.
are there any alarms currently set
turn cleaner robot on
play the romantic songs
get me a train ticket from mumbai to goa
hey send email to john
turn lights off
i need the current dart rail schedule from west irving station to north lake college
what are the current stock prices for google
was this song in the top twenty
how long should i cook a hamburger on each side
i saw a bulldog today
play a game of contra as a second player
resume harry potter book one
give me all ice cream shops within two miles
what kind of lists do i have
can you tell me the contact information of jo
turn the music lower
please change the color of the light in the bathroom
please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
i need a taxi to take me to the airport please
tell me that words spoke again please.
is it a soft evening tonight
look for a joke
describe what a poltergeist is
oops, i think this was not the right response.
activate radio and tune into nine hundred and eighty nine
can you play call me by aretha franklin after this song is finished playing
please book a taxi for me to go to the railway station
could you play you don't bring me flowers
house can you make all the lights in the house blue
did bert write me today
how expensive is google stock
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and inr
please add item to list
reset my locations list
turn off the fan in the master bedroom
give information about the traffic near my location please
rephrase me about what you've said further please.
the time in cairo please
checkout top restaurant near me and order shahi panner
do i have coffee on the grocery list
please shut down.
learn to cut potatoes correctly
what am i up to this weekend
set brightness to fifty percent
is the birthday event on fifteenth of this month true
remove my wake up alarm
i would like to hear heathens by twenty one pilots
play papa pear saga
it was nice one, thanks.
please start the coffee
is mr pizza on skip the dishes
can you please clarify me about this further.
change the station to eighty two point four
resume pride and prejudice
find an oscar nominee movie
schedule a lunch meeting with brent on Wednesday at noon
i do not really mind for anything.
remove my calendar event at one pm today
current weather forecast
would you please check and confirm what i last said.
yes affirmative.
directions to mcdo
set a repeating reminder alarm for the facebook event i have to attend on seventh april
how is the traffic in mg road
what is my schedule for tomorrow
give me some recipes for sheperds pie
turn the lights on party mode
please speak loud
you've gotten my instructions exactly.
places to order takeaway food
what is the latest email from zita
what's happening at the library this month
please activate my vacuum to clean the living room
can you take a role of enemy in the game of coc
what is the number of the closest taxi company
what is a peso worth in dollars
please don't shuffle songs in music player just playing continuously
List all the lists on this device
can you make the room brighter
change the speaker volume to sixty five percent
lower the volume to twenty
please turn off the lights in patio
i want to go to bank of america give me directions
what were the cities affected by the earthquake
how is the traffic at the moment
do you want to play
lower the brightness
can you play my favorite music
time between us and canada
want to play a game with me
please go to next date
clear my schedule for today
can you increase the volume of the speakers
find jhonny's address
order one burger
mahaboobsayyad@gmail dot com
have bing's stocks dropped
what is rock sand
can you brighten the lights for me
do i have a sales meeting today
this is a good song put it on repeat
it's amazing.
please delete the wednesday evening alarm
please increase the light
show john's contact information
light off now
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
list current set alarms
give me instructions on how to cook chicken
can you turn up the lights
i would like the like in the kitchen to be a different color
where can i go shopping here
thank you for your response, olly.
anything is fine.
is my work alarm set for tomorrow
what are the latest tweets from the new york times
identify song
any new emails for me
where is the best pizza on sixth street
search for trains leaving tonight for london
which teams are playing today in the premier league
good morning isn't it a great day
movies with good reviews
what is the best movie to watch with a glass of wine
hey olly make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
thank you so much for your helping.
again elaborate.
hey call the nearest chinese restaurant for a takeaway
review set alarms
wouldn't mind to choose any one.
turn off any morning alarms after Friday
i am not clear about your words.
could you please hire me a taxi to go to the opera tonight
notification regarding the new iphone release update
thanks but this is not the right response.
is it true the gym is seven miles away
skip this podcast
let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
suggestions for future
prepare a new list
what new emails do i have form amie
can you just stop it please.
recommend a movie for me
can you be my best friend
would you shut off.
please tell me the definition of home
please read the last email for me
please let me know the time of train northern rail
make me a cup of coffee with salted carmel flavored cream
what's the current temperature outside
please make coffee
can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in west philadelphia
how bad is traffic this morning
please decrease the volume of this song
adjust media volume up
post to twitter got a hectic day ahead
play for me american idol show
show me upcoming events in this area
what is new in politics today can you filter out trump news though
i want to know more about the upcoming commonwealth games
read me back whats on my shopping list
i need to hear the volume of the current music
whats the weather like
check and confirm what i said please.
turn lights off in bedroom
open note pad
wait, i think that's not the correct command.
what is the exchange rate between the dollar and the euro currently
i like justin beibers music please play it
right response to command.
add pencil to school supplies list
olly please can you shut up.
new item for list
play the game of thrones audio book from the last chapter i was on
play the electronic playlist
origin of word
what events are going on in the area
please would you check instruction.
whose song is this
can you try what i just said again.
turn off media volume
do i have a number for jerry
please delete all calendar events
say something funny
what's that.
Explain object
could you speak it one more again please.
is there anything i need to be aware of
cnn world news
display volume strength on current track
play howard stern on sirius
resume play where i left off in book on audible
go to beginning of previous episode
show trains and time to ny
i would like it to be able to compute answer from search results like wolfram alpha does
that was cool,, olly.
turn off on wemo outlet
i need to know current weather in new york city
what music is it
new scenario time or calendar to new list
play checkers with me
what time does the train leave philadelphia
turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
plan a meeting in office with all employees tomorrow morning at eight
fight me in street fighter
it's great one, i appreciate it.
set an alarm for me for tomorrow at seven pm
delete from the calendar the next event
yeah fantastic response to command.
turn light off
next train to dc
start playing american gods where i last stopped
throw away my to do list please
please could you tell me that comment said once again.
i would like you to check the question please.
how far is walmart from here
what is the name of the singer
describe to me what a ball looks like
what's happening in town tonight
that's great one, thanks.
call a taxi company
what is the title and artist of this song
what do i have scheduled on july seventh
is the traffic bad enough that i should leave early
i need you to book a train ticket that leaves at two pm
lights down
add every girl life by evelyn mayer to the must read list
order a large pepperoni pizza from dominos to go
lets send a tweet
show me the exchange rate between czk and dollar
where is the closest restaurant
recipe for meal
please play some jazz music
can you upload my latest selfie in my instagram
replay please.
tell me what lists i currently have
play this audiobook
up
s1, can you please again rephrase to me.
would you once again clarify me about your response please.
i like the background song
how is traffic on the highway
when can i pick up my chinese food
chane light colour to green
status of weather
tell me when the hockey game tickets are for
anything would be okay with me.
let's play tic tac toe
can you just cancel please.
start reading that alan partridge book
whats on my list for the time being
open book
play the next episode of drunks and dragons please
you have got that exactly.
what bars are around me
do i have a new email from eric
s1, rephrase me further on it please.
how much does stock cost in walmart
what is trending in tech today
does the restaurant have carryout
find gluten free bakery near me
what is the traffic like this morning
who recently posted on social media
whats going on in my calendar
remove item three
uh no, you gave me incorrect information.
do i have any new messages in twitter instagram or facebook
olly that is enough, cancel it.
i need to hear sound on my speakers
open the contact alex in phonebook
can you tell how many hours of difference are between boston and los angeles
create a list for today's tasks
turn off the room lights
grubhub order
from wangs kitchen restaurant home delivery for a chicken manchow soup
remind me if i miss my evening walk routine
book me on a train leaving penn station tomorrow travelling to any city more than two hundred miles away
delete every event
list remove
set track twenty eight in music player on repeat
where should i go for dinner in san francisco tonight
book a rental cab of uber
show me the alarms that are set
when will my chinese food arrive
what lists available
book me an uber please
what does session mean
say what you've said one more time again please.
check and confirm the detail please.
say it once again please.
i need a good joke
i want to hear sleeptime playlist next
help me buy a train ticket to denver for next tuesday morning
is this program is scheduled
will you cancel it.
how is the traffic today
play newest reason podcast
play biography of jackie kennedy
need a taxi for my travel
post a complaint via twitter to cvs pharmacy
please tell about the alarms
turn on the lights that are outdoors
turn off the lights in the bedroom
will you speak it once again.
resume my audiobook from the beginning of the last chapter i started
add sarah as email contact
play the next episode of this series
it is unimportant to me.
brighten light
can you turn on the wemo plug socket
i want to listen to podcast
lighten the light
can you play my latest audio book
display stock price for lexmark international
olly please shut down.
what is the square root of one hundred and forty eight thousand five hundred and eighty seven
tell me one more time again please.
play the veldt by
please clear jeff's birthday from the calendar
make the lights in my home yellow
change my light color to yellow
is there any rap that doesn't involve sex money and drugs
what about tonight dinner with me
what are the news stories on the cnn website
please call a taxi to arrive at four hundred and take me to the manor theater
make me a coffee please
is there anything happening nearby
that is enough, stop it.
Show latest events around new york
i enjoy music
add a new email contact to my list
any cultural events in california
what is one hundred and twenty three times one hundred and twenty three
olly that is enough.
i cant hear a thing
resume audio book history of rome
no speaking please
wemo plug socket off
add an alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
how much does bde cost
tell me about the events going on around my location
change the volume level to nineteen please
list my lists please
that's good one, thank you very much, olly.
what is today's weather in springfield
change the light in the bathroom to yellow
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
please play the newest podcast
i need everything deleted from calendar please
tell me what i said one more time again please.
make lights brightener
mute for volume
save this song as a favorite
play tic tac toe with me
give me some health tips
maximum kilometer to delivery
turn off the bathroom lights
remove my to do list
adjust light when i get home
set an alarm at six am tomorrow
it's really loud can you please turn the music down
that's enough, stop.
every light of room increase its intensity
reserve a taxi
delete the list item about the meeting
from which movie is the song
send email to family and tell them to bring the bug spray before coming to the park
turn all the lights off
play a game of chess with me
off all type of active devices
off all the lights on the right side
shut the smart socket down
transportation ticket booking train
tell me why relationships are so hard
what's the rate between pesos and yen
please speak the last one said one more time.
please open audible app and resume play
remove upcoming task
find joel osteen's broadcast on sirius
is there a sporting event tomorrow in chicago
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
definition of velocity
i want to hear this week's midweek motorsport
tell me jokes
turn off lights in bathroom
is now a good time to sell some euros
set a new alarm for that time
hmm, not correct response.
please set the equalizer in the party mode
i like you stop.
did sara tried to call me
do not really mind for whatever, olly.
say a funny
what is the stock for hp company
would you reset what i've said please.
brew me a cup of coffee
activate the vacuum cleaner
please can you cancel it.
could you harvest the crops in farmvile
play previous episode
volume control
email my favourite contacts
confirm a movie ticket at glory theater
arrange a taxi
tell me the music that is playing
that is all, stop it.
are there any traffic restrictions due to the president's visit
how many people are following me on twitter now
get today's weather report
hey can you make it blue in here
can i get the time
please play workout playlist
s1, could you please clarify me about what you've just said once again.
play any song of arijit singh
what is the square root of ten
how congested is the traffic on my way to work
could you just cancel.
can i get a recipe for tuna
what is the status of my order no
turns my son's room lights off
what alarms do i have set for today
can you please let me know the next four scheduled trains to chicago
can you tell me about the traffic
when does the super bowl officially start
if i was in the eastern time zone what time would it be
list all the shops that are located in milan
i need a naughty joke not to naughty though
tell me all the current events in my hometown
what is the name of the music playing now
stop, this is not right answer.
delete call newspaper from my vacation list
tell me about the current weather
book a taxi
remove that item
turn off the tv in
whats on my shopping list
things to do in my area
time in chicago
check whether i have set any alarms for tomorrow morning
increase the volume a bit
remind me to pick up john from the airport tonight at eight
what is the time in geneva
order pizza from domino's
weather report of the week
what alarms did i set
continue playing my book of vitamins
shift the balcony light to off
start coffee
what kind of musical events are happening around here this week
clear list things to do this weekend
find a joke in your vault and tell me
wake me up at five hundred and thirty
who sings this song
let's play a game
olly cancel all soccer practice alarms
search for nearby chinese restaurants
please give me details of allen from my contact
any one would be fine for me.
reset all events in calendar
i'd like a coffee please
change my room lights to some romantic colour
store opinion on song
what is starbuck's stock worth
oh it is nice one, olly.
i wouldn't bother, olly.
prepare coffee
current price of google please
schedule a meeting with al on tuesday
what does obsessed mean
give me my facebook update every three hours
let me know if i get a new personal message from martha on facebook today
lower volume
add email to contacts
launch super mario
please send a notification when john replies
google can you book me a ticket on the train for tomorrow
healthy foods
tell me more about that concert
please put all the lights
send a tweet to national grid
what is the wake up time for my alarm i have set for the flight this weekend
please turn on my balcony lights
nope, incorrect command.
what is a good rap album that came out this year
please open and play chess with me
what is planned for today in my local area
delete bread from shopping list
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
start podcast
what is john's last name
remove that from my list
i love this music can you please save this to my dance playlist and remember that i like it
on january twenty five set meeting for twelve
i like this song what is it can you please repeat it once
will they deliver to me
please turn up the volume to twenty one
please turn up the lights in this room
what events are going on around my place
make me coffee now
how to make fried rice
what's one plus one
olly will you stop.
I'd like to play UNO with you
turn off the lights
can you start the coffee machine for me
what would be the a perfectly nutritionally balanced meal for dinner
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
how's microsoft's stock
pull up peking garden online
cancel.
what's the time in dubai
load up ghost recon wildlands
define forensic
play sam harris audiobook
please turn off kitchen light
get me some food
set alarm for six am tomorrow
schedule taxi pickup for monday at noon
erase my next calendar event
could you please check what said.
you've got your understanding correcly.
set my alarm for six thirty in the morning tomorrow
recite the schedules of the list
share me a joke
how long i can go to dundee
how much does general tsos chicken cost at peking garden
play the latest games
eight am in manila is what in new york
what are the latest updates on my facebook account
skip to next podcast
can you change the light colors into dark in the house
i like you check question please.
please play the radio
could you describe that object please
add apples to shopping list
whats my schedule today
get me a ride on the commuter train from nj to ny
please look up local restaurants that are open now
tell me what the word organism means
can you do name that tune
prepare a cup of coffee for me
s1, please again elaborate me about your answer.
start complaint to walmart
let me know when you hear about france
set a calendar event to repeat yearly on this date
switch off the wemo plug socket
road traffic
what are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox
display my list
turn off the nearest light to me
could you tell me about the alerts i have set
what events are coming up
i need you to remove item s from my list
play my game
what is the square root of ninety seven
give me today's calendar events after six pm
make me coffee in five minutes
are there any new emails from name
delete everything on the menu
brighten the lights on the front porch
brief me about my news feed stories
can you get me a cup of coffee
find me a joke related to baseball
make some coffee
how smooth is marble floor
any recent news about north korea
may i know what is trending in twitter
play mindsweeper with me
turn the lights off in the bedroom
current song rating three stars
define elaborate
turn up radio volume
remove number three alarm of list
remember that this song is good but too slow to exercise to
remove eggs for the shopping list
turn on the vacuum cleaner while i am gone
turn on wemo plug in game room
i enjoy listening to this song it really calms me down
s2, i can not quite catch that.
skip to the next podcast
please turn off the alarm
new messages
let us start over.
why are whales big
find and order handi paneer in pavitra
how is it outside
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
what is terranova stock going for
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train
what is the price of amd on the stock market
does bob live in france
set volume to zero
set a meeting with hongbin
traffic status please
add broccoli to my grocery list
what is six hundred euros in u. s. d.
play the last song from my most recent playlist
olly please can you shut off.
i want coffee
how's the traffic downtown
create an alarm for today at ten am
would you confirm the detail.
switch off the light on the left
order one coffee from nearest coffee shop
pull up my party playlist
how's the traffic
could you speak up
this weekend what events are going on in seattle
book me a single train ticket travelling to new york city leaving after nine am
nearest restaurants available at this time
put the last song on repeat
what is the name of this song
hoover the carpets around
add a wrist watch to the shopping list
what day is christmas
open email for unread mails
open radio
area of north america
newest world news
can you please make me a cup of black coffee
add lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
boiled
restart the audiobook heaven is for real
markets near by
show me the current traffic nearby me
play me a podcast
what's your favorite joke
siri what is dollars in yen
set mute until said otherwise
i wouldn't really mind.
show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
how can a cook risotto
what are the names of the lists that i have created
turn off the wemo plug
what is the customer service feedback
show number and contact email of rehan
remove the list
this is unimportant to me, olly.
have i received any emails since noon
please add complaint about the service in tweet to olive garden
tweet bad day at starbucks
can you lie
you are awesome, i appreciate it.
what's the best italian restaurant in atlanta
unmute my sound
directions to virginia beach va
what does i seventy five look like
how is it outside today
read my grocery list
play poker with me
begin radio play
today is which date
restart bill nye book
what is the time in bangalore
what ingredients do i need for tomato soup
yeap perfect response to the command.
start a game and play with me
please see if chili's has delivery
all food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list
request a taxi from udrive service
tell funny things
how to make sausage
check for recent news stories on msnbc
what does pesto mean
any important notifications
can you start the roomba
have no idea about what to do, olly.
what genre is this song in
julie's information
yeap great response.
delete the grocery list
can you please confirm last thing i said.
hey check emails
ordering food
turn off all of my alarms
how long will it take to get home
what is your age
add running to my calendar for thursday
what is the google stock at
will you please show me my lists
what is the financial capital of canada
reduce the strength of the bedroom lights
you have understood my instructions perfectly.
yeap you have gotten the command perfectly.
political news of importance for the day
yes amazing response.
turn on the plug
let's try again please.
can you tell me about any local events coming up
start cleaner
weather forecast please
what is the event name going in me area
what time is the alarm set for tomorrow
tweet complaint
can you find my lists
tell me the latest stock of pepsi
play the last next episode
what's the date is currently
add paper towels to the grocery list
what are the items on my list
did mom text me
if it is a consumer good then what is the customer feedback
compose a mail for jack
send a tweet to kroger about spoiled milk
play tunes
play for me the game harry potter and the chamber of secrets
make all the lights in the house orange
delete the shopping list
how can you get basalt
show us red
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to jaisalmer
remove all the events on my calendar
what genre is this song currently playing
start a cup of coffee for me
can you find animal crossing
set alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
what is the current exchange rate between dollars and euros
set a reminder i need to wake up at five am every morning
latest reminder about meeting
what time does the train to iowa leave
vacuum the carpet freshener from the carpet
check and confirm the last thing said please.
rephrase further on your response please.
what are the jobs to be done today
prepare email for susan
will you please check and confirm it.
what is four plus five
how is the traffic
take me to the most popular post
add dr rosenstock as an email contact
favourite podcast
send a text to alice
pick up dry cleaning tomorrow
olly will you stop please.
add this new email with contact
please shut off
flag me an uber for ten pm tonight
tweet long wait time and unprofessional employees
refresh my inbox and inform me about new emails
where should i go for mexican food in me area
show local events near me
schedule a reminder on fifteenth march and input name as meeting
can i order take out food at this time
check email for otp sent by my bank
is my wake up alarm set a six am
what else is on the list
play the davinci code
please run the vacuum
don't mind for whatever.
no no turn it down
search for podcasts that cover men's issues
what movies are playing at carmike cinemas
clear my calendar for saturday
make a list of all the clothing range available on ralph and lauren
let me know about upcoming events
clear everything off my calendar for the rest of the year
increase the brightness of the lights
can you tell me what alarms i have set
could you please lower your volume
what is the month day and year
mute for twenty minutes
broadcast the health show from the kitchen
what did you say in the last conversation.
put the disco lights on
please turn off kitchen light for me
book my train ticket from las vegas to los angeles
did i receive any email in the past hour
change the overhead light to orange
remove the next event on my calendar
wikipedia page about sean connery
my day was so busy
i'd love to hear any song that i've given five stars by serge gainsbourg
tell to joe's email that come to my house in this moment i am alone
what is the fastest route to town
can you define this word
what goes with risotto
that was good one, thank you so much.
disable wemo socket
i couldn't get what you've said.
any one will be fine.
can you change the living room lights to a softer color
play anything by cat stevens and i'll be happy
complaint on service provider on my twitter
what is the current state of brexit negotiations
open up a new list
what is the temperature in indianapolis indiana
can i order takeaway dinner from byron's
make a call to
add mail id subject content
i think you are wrong.
resume inkheart
i'm not doing thing this week
yes that's correct.
can you start the vacuum
remind me every year on this date of
suggest movies and songs that i would like but that aren't necessarily like ones i've already said i like
turn on kitchen light
eight am manila time is what in eastern time
please search for dining tables
it does not matter to me, olly.
turn on when plugged in else turn off
what movies are going around me
show me the path of nearest railway station
is traffic to work clear
brighten the lights in this room
start me a new list
let's play checkers
Set a alarm for the day
what is a funny joke
is there any events planned for the next three months
play candy crush with me
show me the train schedules to the metropolitan opera house
made media volume louder
hey please reply to last pawel's email
sanctimonious definition
what are the steps for biriyani meal
find me someone
start vacuum cleaner
compose this email to this new email address
i want to slow down my speaker
stock price fb
check and see what will be the weather condition in new jersey at eight am tomorrow
book a rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
play radia
s1, could you please again rephrase me about what you said now.
music change
i don't want eggs
tell me the preparation method for chicken sixty five
send me a wake up alert at seven am tomorrow morning
go to sirius and play the hip hop channel
describe a workhouse for me
remind me about the meeting
turn off the lights please
it's perfect.
when is shakira's birthday
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
fantastic response to the command.
please add tom to my contact list
open the davinci code where i left off
is it going to rain on monday
please explain the rice recipe
can they do delivery
show me the events in my work calendar for next week
make coffee at eight am
whats the date today
search this object's definition
how many notifications do i have on facebook
the set alarm for nine pm on Thursday night
great response to command.
access recipe book please
please speak one more time again.
should i bring an umbrella today
make a cup of coffee
please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing
turn off the light in the bathroom
what is your name
tea shop
tell me mary's cell number
tell me who the thirty second president is
show me what lists are available
tell me the name of this song
let me know if linda posts anything on my facebook today
tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
uhh no, incorrect command.
compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better
remind me to pay the electricity bill on this weekend at nine am
play the program where i left off yesterday
turn up volume of music
please say it once again.
please delete the last song that played from the playlist
i'd like to continue to the next episode
please delete next meeting with rajesh
latest movie releases
i want to buy over ear headphones with minimum frequency response of fifteen hz and maximum frequency response twenty two thousand hz
where's the closest zoo to where i'm at
i am the living blues
save this music to my favorites
light is too much
start playlist for podcast
on the music player set the volume level at sixty
go back to the last episode in this podcast
switch on radio mango
what places can i order takeout from near by
brighten the lights in the hallway
turn the lights off to my room
play a song that will make me smile
remove the list of apps which started with letter a
can you recommend some movies to watch in theater near me
i would like to listen to this mornings mike and mike podcast
i will talk to you later.
what's the pound to dollar exchange rate
book train to london
have there been updates on abortion law
longest river in the world
what is happening in the area
tell me john's phone number
you did great job, musch appreciated.
yes strongly agree.
have no idea regarding to what to do.
is my friend rohit online on facebook
what is the answer to dollars minus dollars
i like songs from
find easy recipe for almond milk
resume lord of the rings
show me what the ingredients are
dollar rate
stop powering the wemo socket
please run this game
turn off the lights in the living room
lower the light to forty percent
i want two burgers and one coke order it fast
are there any events going on downtown tonight
now i need to write an email to my colleague
i am sorry but this was not the right command.
tell me if my alarm is set for the morning
are there any alarms for today
where can i order takeout
its too bright in here
abolish an item from list
convert the american dollar to the euro
will it be good to buy nike stock today
tell me starting phrase of this music
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
complain to mcdonalds twitter about my burger
best rap music
what type of event
from where can i get a train ticket for athens
please let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
go to the third episode of this podcast
please can you rephrase me further on your answers.
i do not mind for whatever.
let me know when my meetings are on monday
can you give me the time in new delhi
set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at five pm
set mute mode for one hour
delete my list
turn off kettle socket
would you please confirm the instruction.
try it once more please.
convert ten miles to kilometers
play favorited podcasts on fishing
what does a beech tree look like
brighten up the room
go to agha station
would you try that words spoke one more time again.
you are my hero,.
what alarms have i set for tomorrow
respond to all that i am on my way
how many songs did michael jackson write
mention the time in canada now
how much philippine peso do i need to make fifty dollars
i have my clothes list
define loquaciousness
instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in ten minutes
i no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
the last friday of the month lands on what day
read list for me please
how many inches make one feet
tell me the email address for aunt ruth
will there be a farmers market in the area this weekend
uhh no, that's not what i am searching for.
will there be snow tomorrow
oh no, i think you have done a task wrong.
i think incorrect.
stop and start over.
its peaceful
what is going on right now on twitter
what time is it in akron
can you order me a pizza today from dominos
make the volume lower
ah that's nice one.
what is hurricane
Lets play tic tac toe
s1, could you rephrase further on what you have said to me please.
add this song to my music
you have done your understanding correcly.
find the right amount of cinnamon for the garam masala
store my contacts
answer the equation eight times seven
enter atdfd@yahoo dot com into my contact list
make the room light blue
i need a train ticket to rome book ticket
i need you to be quiet until tomorrow
give me some funny facebook posts
delete item four
show time in china
deactive the socket
open contacts and call john smith
i need to order some food from papa john's
what is the linear equation
start a grocery list
i was not clear about what you just said now.
direct me towards nearest railway station
yes you get your understanding perfectly.
a priest walks into a bar
local area events
is swat a good movie
play animal farm
to which event can i go in milan now
show me my alarms i have set
can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather
what friends were in popular places the last day
give me red lights
where is a theatre in my area
uh no, you've done in wrong manner.
does ming ten do take out
where can i find the nearest irish pub in my area
please remove the first list
excellent work, you have done well.
i'd like you confirm it please.
please can you confirm the command.
whatever is okay with me.
please scan my social media and tell me what's happening
what is going on around here
change lights to pink
check the current playing music title
nice to meet you
make a coffee please
at what time have you set alarm for me
increase volume
is it ok to lower the lights
what is the length of amazon river
please change the volume low of the speakers
please send an email to john saying i'm on leave
i want you cancel.
what is a movie like star wars
where is my food
who sings the song that i am listening to right now
request a driver for uber in five minutes
i have no idea for what to do, olly.
delete shopping from my list
i was not so clear about what you've said.
silence
how many calories are in a serving of grapes
please find all name start with alphabetic of a and create a list
perfect work, you've done well, olly.
take that off there
resume the reading of the french lesson
find and queue all songs of kate perry and play all without shuffling
send an email to my boss about my leave
tell me a nice chinese restaurant
what happened last week
get rid of item on the list
i need directions to lowes in mount h nj
what is the exchange rate between us dollars and bitcoin
how are stocks for google
get rid of everything on my calendar
celebrities
continue from where we left off in divergent
dim lights in living room
dubai marriage
make me a new checklist
you are hero, thank you very much.
tweet consumer service that the quantity is wrong
i would love a less bright up room
lights color red
change alarm to start at midnight
how long is the walk from nyack to valley cottage
nope, it's not the correct command.
add rice on the list
activate the roomba
tell me about new emails
please play recently paused audio
turn the lights brighter
slow the volume speaker
what will be the weather update for monday noon
play uno together
noodles one pack make it as takeaway
equalize the bass of this music
please set an alarm for tomorrows meeting at seven am
make an alarm to help me remember
opinion about latest gadgets
its dark in here mind turning up the light intensity
can i get delivery from here
i can't hear you can you say it again louder
define what's a goalkeeper
i want to hear radio head please
please confirm my last instruction.
current forex rates
write a tweet to this company
lower the intensity of light
what's in my list of tasks
who's emailed me recently
i need to set an alarm how many do i have set
send tweet to united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
please delete all my calendar events
what is the price of euro to u. s. d.
reply to the email received from mark
send an email to mom subject weather body what is the weather like there this week
i want exact time in washington right now
checkout domino centre near me and order cheese pizza
open the uber app and get me a car please
list alarms
again clarify me on your answers please.
you like the song
can turkeys fly
tweet the current temperature
add mop to hardware store list
yeap right response.
show stock value of goog
don't respond for fifty seconds
did my friend rohit posted something on facebook
forward the mail to new email address
give me the definition of carion
can you play hunt for red october
play snake with me
moderate
find tacos near my home
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order
put classic rock on
what restaurant is open after midnight
what movies are playing near me
play hip hop songs
turn on pdr am
send email to mom starting with the subject vacation
provide what is there on the list
did i receive any new email
send me the stock market updates for today
change mountain standard to pacific
be my clock
wake me up at five am this week
what is the average speed on main highway
how me the time now in boston
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
remember dinner on thursday at bistro italia
lower battery consumption to save setting
add coffee to the grocery list
open chess play against me
change the color of the lights
you have done it correcly.
let's play
could you check and confirm what i last said please.
cancel meeting at three
what alarms do i have set for thursday
it's fantastic, thanks.
call the nearest thai restaurant with delivery
can we play twenty questions
give me the headlines from sky news
do not talk
turn up the light
get rid of a list
what is available in your stock of lists
could you turn the light off
is there any pending reminder for me
did you receive this person email
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
speak louder please
tell me the meetings i have for the week
book a ticket to paris on eurostar at five pm this Friday
email john smith
can i pick up my large order at pizza hut
give me the definition of school
can you start ryan seacrest
nice music
get louder
show me the latest emails from amazon
yeap.
what's trending on twitter
give me the description of a smartphone circuit
this does not matter to me, olly.
i want a not only to direct me to an internet site but actually answer any given question
turn off wemo plug in game room
could you please remove the set of alarms between eight and nine
book me a cab
what's the closing price of apple
what is the rate for g. b. p. to u. s. d.
speak loudly
check mom's number
enable shuffle
what's still on the list
what are todays top podcasts
make me a strong cup of coffee
please read me my current lists
i need to figure out this percentage
it is five forty five am in liverpool what time is now new york
thanks but you have understood this wrongly.
current price of coca cola stock
book an uber to the nearest mall in the next half hour
s1, rephrase this further.
hey olly play the radio
mute speaker
mute for fifteen minutes
email co worker about work project
give me a current traffic report
does not really matter with me.
increase light brightness
i really enjoy this song
did you get my last instruction correctly?
save my opinion on the currently playing song
please start the next podcast episode
you've got the command exactly.
i want a coffee
thanks but you have got it incorrect.
increase the volume please
i would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
where is a walking trail near me
what's thirteen plus fourteen
tell me what is on my list
network podcast
what about this joke
i need a coffee
what alarms are upcoming
are there any new emails received after four o'clock today
what is on my playlist
crack a joke
i took my truck to the shop
check to see if my mom sent me any emails
do you know any good jokes
please find the recipe for meatballs
open harrypotter audiobook and play from last played
add the song to my favorites
book an outstation cab of ola
take out available louies
remove list of due payment of rajesh
bed room two switch off the lights
what new movies available today
what's interesting around here
what are the events conducted in new york
please shut up.
tell me the funniest joke that was ever told
buy a train ticket for one week from now from new york to las vegas nevada
did you get what just said correctly?
turn off wemo socket
how many events on my list
delete my shopping list
can you pull up a recipe for spaghetti
who is the song writer
what events are scheduled this week
navigation search
send an email to with the subject as test and no content
how's are the roads looking right now
say a good joke for me right now
today is monday is it
did dan send me any emails
i need a good shop
anything is okay for me.
can you set the coffee machine to make coffee at three pm time every week day
remove the first alarm
is this my sisters cellphone number
reply email to charlotte
buy a train ticket from lakeland florida to new york
play my playlist
mark this song as a favorite
please could you check question.
recommend a romantic comedy in me area
please tell em the list of trains to chicago via california
remove mike stein from contacts list
i don't need tesco item any more delete it
check detail please.
socket off
you are so helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
that's wonderful work, thank you.
find me square root of forty nine
call me a taxi to the airport at five am
would you tell me once again.
request an uber now
how long will it take me to get to the west side
alert me at five hours
could you check what just said.
please add sugar to my grocery list
answer email
please turn on the smart socket
show a new list
resume series podcast
olly please could you shut up.
would you please once again rephrase me on your answers.
check mails
please send a complaint to someone
please remove the the alarm which i set
what would you call this kind of music that we're listening to
i want to order a pizza from michael's pizza
can you explain string theory to me
audio
please change light color to purple
start chapter seven of alma
let us try it one more again please.
npr ted talks
show me share price of amazon
tune in some radio
what was the latest post
play my favorite radio station
i want you to play the podcast
what is the weather going to be like on march twentieth two thousand and seventeen
a little brighter thanks
latest instagram posts
what's going on
i want to order food
remove alarms set for tomorrow
play my favourite podcast
where can i get shawarma in this area
olly can you please shut down.
what is my recent email activity
check for all the movie theater prices and availability for a newly released movie in my location
i'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date
please do not talk for thirty minutes
send a giggle my way
find me the cheapest copy of the four hour body
hi there do you offer home delivery for orders
this was not correct command.
do the restaurant deliver
what are the local events
where is the nearest pub in the city
time and date of today
where is my pizza from domino's at
reopen groceries and add milk
confirmed.
s1, again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
i want to turn on the blue lights
help me locate a shop that sells clothes for classy ladies
should i watch this movie
please play the local latin music channel on the radio
resuming playing my current audio book
find lyrics of this song and save it it is very nice song
book a taxi at my home address for right now
give me the opening stock price of infosys technologies today
give me some cafes near downtown fort lauderdale
what song do i play most
please turn on my coffee pot
headline news for texas
increase the brightness of the light it is hard to see down here
can you book a train ticket for my mother
i need a cab in thirty minutes
do you serve for home delivery
i want to know what are happening now in me area
what time are my alarms
how much would it cost to buy a share of target
do i have anything outstanding on any lists
seven times seven
remove all the events of last month from the calendar
please increase the volume to maximum
do i have enough ingredients in my refrigerator
please show me lists
what is the date today
what's going on in the world these days
olly i said call jack not jake.
what alarms do i have set right now
please will you reset.
please check the trending topics on twitter
dim the bedroom lights to half
s1, explain more on your response.
where do the rocky mountains start
silence volume on speakers
set alarm for nine am
i don't think thats right.
tell me what is on the schedule for july seventh
could you please check and confirm last thing i said.
whats today
start the robotic vacuum
i dont want to carry an umbrella will we have rain today
i want to drink coffee
uh no, i think not correct response.
what is happening with brexit today
change color
can you set the alarm for one hundred and thirty
i want to hear the book written by the mother of the shooter at columbine
ticket for delhi
what time is it in the eastern half of the us right now
are there are any delays on my commute
are there any grocery stores nearby
whats happening around my town
that isn't what i meant.
place a take out order at olive garden
olly i would like you just cancel it.
would you tell me one more again please.
i need to know about the height of mount everest
can you please clarify once again.
i would like to know the meaning of word
please proceed to the next available rock song
next episode in podcast
when is the third monday of this month
could you say the sentence spoken once again please.
it is useful, thank you so much.
close the light
book me a ride
can you play back to december
please turn down the volume
how long do i chill an icebo pie
who wrote this song
what's my to do list for today
tell me about mary s.
can i get delivery from dominos
what is the current time in london
i need to hear that sentence again.
please confirm the weather for the thirteenth of this month
what's happening on social media right now
repeat previous song
wait, you did not interpret command right.
open up contacts and add email something@gmail dot com
definition for object name
i want to mute the speaker
turn off the fan
i wouldn't really mind, olly.
i need to be cheered up right now can you tell me a good joke
shut off the lights in the bedroom
how long does it take for the train to get to orlando
run coffee maker
include an item to a list
tell me about economy and gdp about india versus china
find john smith in contacts
find me the cheapest place to buy a new backpack
remove john's birthday from the calendar
wouldn't mind.
do i have any new email
set my alarm for six am tomorrow
i want to hear purple haze
i want to buy a train ticket tomorrow for boston to new york
i would like to continue my audiobook
please give me detail of o zaalima song
turn the chandelier all the way up
softer
in jodhpur traffic level is very low
please ask mr coffee to make a latte
make my lights green
any new emails after five pm
thirteenth june is a day of election result please set it
don't speak for a while
you rock, musch appreciated.
please clean my shopping list
keep quiet
increase the volume of the music to ninety
what is two hundred divided by ten
send email to mom and tell her see her at disney world
what is the us dollar euro exchange rate
what is the title of this song
how much is twenty argentinian pesos in pounds
would you please once again explain me about your words.
uhh no, you have done task all in wrong manner.
i want volume on my speakers
what's two plus two
i am sorry but i think you're incorrect.
who takes less of duration of time for delivery
uh no, i think incorrect command.
what's your favorite color
honda stock price
lower the lights in the house
set the music volume to ninety
please book a train ticket from jodhpur to jaisalmer on sunday
change color of the light to red outside the house
i need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone
when's mark lanegan's next album out
please mark the wemo socket to off
silence for two hours
give me the details of friend
call for takeout
i want you just stop it.
check and confirm my last command please.
what time is it in a city
send mail to bubbles i want to meet her tomorrow at two pm in office
make a new list of dog breeds
send a tweet to company
delete the following list
find the list
give me the details on elton john
calendar event send invite bill malinda
yeah wonderful.
how many work contacts are in my phone book
have no idea for what to choose.
please check on the rock concerts scheduled this weekend
start play fifa seventeen
book next ny train ticket
what events are scheduled for this weekend in me area
what is the list about my favorite songs
olly please cancel.
play the radio
give me the news
hey share me some joke to make me happy
order two medium cheese and one medium pepperoni pizza from dominoes
coordinate all pop song genres
set a reminder on fifteenth march as meeting
increase the light a little
off mobile charger plug
i need to add a new email to my contacts
stop wake up calls for this week
what is on my alarm schedule
tell chris i will be late through email
who is the singer of song
has mary posted anything to facebook today
i want to drink the coffee that you made
call a cab
can you please order me some mcdonalds
s2, i didn't catch that.
please tweet the following complaint
hey whatsapp
book a cab for new york
facebook
you've done it right.
you are helpful, thanks.
set alarm at two am
latest technologies gadgets
cancel wake up calls for this week
yeah wonderful response to command.
produce a new register
what is the definition of session
do i have an alarm set for tomorrow
what is today's current date
what is the traffic like today
add contacts n mail
you've done your understanding correcly.
change this time zone to washington
increase lighting
what on my play list
is there any post from my friend mike in facebook
schedule an uber in twenty minutes to tesco on fifth street
reduce volume
what is traffic like
start up league of legends for me
what time does the train arrive
make the lights pink
please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom
activate robot vacuum cleaner
few traffic roads
delete all events in calendar
where can i get organic wheat
do i have meeting with steve this week
remove the list please
how is my order
this item should be added to the list
hey olly tell me what shops i am near
turn off the light in the living room
what are my favorite types of music
what alarms are set for today
can you tell me the time at san francisco
display latest emails
what music is currently playing
tell me about it
i need a ticket on the train to new york city tomorrow
go back to previous episode of podcast
tell me the latest news from bbc sports
is there a way to pull up information about a contact
tell me what alarms are set for me
that doesn't really matter to me.
Show me news from cnn
when is the next train to london
how is the news in ireland
what days are my alarms set for
raise the lamp's light
what is the stock price of hdfc
pontificate definition
i like you to confirm detail please.
i need to make a grocery list
mute
do not really care.
delete list for groceries
please let me know what's happening to my social media
tell me what's happening on social media
will i need my snow boots this afternoon
please remove my list of favorite albums
set a timer at five am seven days a week
i need you to set an alarm
please save my opinion about the song that is currently playing
what is currently breaking news
i like it
turn off the bass from the audio
lower the volume ten percent
tell me items that are on my shopping list
what ingredient can be used to replace white wine
how do you make sunny side up eggs
no, you gave me incorrect information.
what is the email address for tessa
can you order me takeout
let me hear some bluegrass music
play the list from my favorites
i do not really know, olly.
show me the latest news from the un
please make the lights blue
i want the lights turned off
how hot is it outside today
who delivers near here
how many alarms are currently set
find john smith from alabama
yes wonderful response.
create an email to my brother asking him what time he will be over for dinner
what do i need to make pot roast
what is the traffic like right now on telegraph
start playing my song list
take me to the huffington post website
is there traffic right now in maiden lane
fast and the furious
i want the time for another city outside us
can you order me some buffalo chicken pizza
remove alarm if any
what is left for today
remove a list of employees
when is john's birthday
repeat this song when it ends
clean the carpets
my calendar is to be updated with all rccg event in march
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
what time does the train leave for chicago
what is the us dollar equivalent of one euro
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
turn off the wemo socket in the kitchen
i want to hear what said again.
what's playing in the roosendaal cinema
tell me the weather for new york city
did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends
please tell me the latest news about the election scenario in our state
turn down the speakers
can you tell me today's date
tell me what you just said once again please.
please purchase a amtrak ticket from las vegas nevada to lakeland florida leaving on the first of april
have i received any mail in the last hour
thanks but i think you do not understand this right.
what do you know about mary
will i need sunblock this weekend
tweet my complaint to @nsa
remind me clock that i have a event
check the details please.
what events are happening this weekend in my area
is there any stopped traffic on route eighty today
yo order take out from jason's deli on sixth ave
what are the upcoming reminders
i am happy
where can i order pizza for delivery
switch lights to red tone
play the radio station
increase the brightness in this room
can you please stop speaking
what is eighty seven minus fourteen
use that email address as a contact
movies making money
activate the robot vacuum
play the next episode of radiolab
i don't really mind for anything.
make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
turn bedroom lights off
what is the best italian restaurant around here
buy me a ticket to boston
if it's five am in berlin what time is it here
what is mary smith's telephone number
play next episode
how do i subtract four from two
can you bring me a nice coffee
i am sorry but i think it is not the right command.
tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
delete my next meeting
what restaurants are open near me
play hoizer radio station from my pandora app
will the fast food shop at the corner open today
order me an uber ride please
can you start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
where is the nearest atm machine
i want to email my supervisor
aib podcast on kashmirstart it
is this song ed sheeran
alarm time for twelve pm
your words is not so clear.
please turn lights off
robot vacuum the hallway now
i want the news about academy awards
i want to hear what you have said again.
run indian folk song
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to pali
just cancel please.
can you change my time zone from central time to pacific
remove the second row from the list
how long does it take to get there
tweet @wendys that i don't like their product
i want to hear more audiobook
hey olly turn the radio on
what is the plot of the most recent will smith movie
try it one more time please.
i would have avoided the traffic if i went early
say the last one said again please.
confirm alarm for tomorrow morning
play the next episode of the BBC tech podcast
please play the next episode in the podcast
open calendar and make an event reminder
play all third day
what is the exchange between dollar and british pound
have i made loss in which stocks
what is the recipe for apple pie
yeah you have got my instructions right.
search for any upcoming book fairs during next week in washington dc
text sarah if she is free for brunch today
do i have an email from person a
confirm that the alarm is set for tomorrow
could you please check the traffic to our home
please dim the overhead lights
yeah you have got your understanding perfectly.
i want a train ticket
song next
would not really mind.
give me international news
is there anything new on snapchat
don't really bother, olly.
does that restaurant deliver
would you check and confirm last thing said please.
i want you to book a train ticket for me
where does joe joe live
load a fun game that i can play with you
can you put the vacuum on
what time do i work tomorrow
how are things in the world
add milk to grocery list
i like classic rock
fetch me the phone number of Alexander
please play the song joy to the world
what are my lists so far
change lights to red
yeah you've got that perfectly.
give me details of my twitter handle profile including the total number of followers
when was frank sinatra born
play music radio for me
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct answer.
what items are on my shopping list
remind me on fifth march of every year to arrange wedding anniversary presents
how do i buy tickets for that
report alarm settings
@nikesupport i need some assistance regarding some shoes i bought last week
do i have any missed call from patrick
where is the closest kroger
set an alarm for me for tomorrow
will you try what i have just said one more time please.
i need to set an alarm for next friday at noon
search schedules for this week
erase events
what movie should i see
please wake me up at eight am
give me the stock price for tommy hilfiger
find the sum of thirteen and fourteen
speaker volume increase
what's a good joke
what's happening around town
what happened to charlie chaplin
robot do the whole house now
can i hear the joke about the old woman again
recommend an event happening in my area
activate vacuum
convert eastern time to western time
what is on my playlist of movies on the the dvr
best bar in local area
do you have the mailing address for the electric company
add a item
turn the plug off
are there any good social events happening in my area
will it rain
will you please shut off.
thanks for the answer.
i don't quite catch that.
will you please mute my speakers
what is mom's email address
what is the time difference between here and there
i think you don't get answer right.
what items did i plan to buy
turn on plug
accident or normal traffic
remove all events from my calendar
play seven habits of effective people
give details about the current traffic
people canceling iowa vacations over congressman's words
please will you replay.
turn down volume twenty percent
please purchase a train ticket for this weekend
turn sound off
give me today's market trends for panasonic
can you tell me the date today
calculate distance from boston to new york
please turn off the porch light
put the lights off now
did angelina jolie leave brad pitt
add bruno mars to my favorites
put dark colours instead of light ones in the house
read me the most updated news on bbc
what are amd stock prices
set the speakers to mute
olly please can you just stop it.
please play the podcast from happypeoplecom
what ingredient can be used instead of saffron
back one episode
please tell me the news
please order me lo mein and egg rolls from panda express now
anything is ok for me.
please note on song title good tune
multiply one thousand by twelve
bedroom light off
what will be the temperature today for miami florida
where is the nearest italian restaurant
can you raise the lights for me please
mute the sound
find and order domino pizza at nearest store of domino
get me an uber
please set the alarm for next morning to seven am
what events are going to happen in my city between two four pm today
shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please
please check exchange rates
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
is this the correct area code for my boss
can you make me coffee now
i want to cancel the recording i have on the dvr list for this morning
turn the security light off
you did it exactly.
book me a train ticket to chicago for tomorrow morning before ten
please could you confirm instruction.
change the color of the light
all i ever want to hear is rap
save the email to my contact
bingo
exchange rates
confirm the last thing said please.
find shoe shopping near my home
i want you check the last thing i said please.
i would like it if my robot could make money for me
convert one oh two from gtm four thirty to g. m. t. one thirty
this is unimportant to me.
i'm thinking of a number one to ten
olly would you shut up please.
book a train tickets for me
please delete the shopping list
what is jill's home phone number
make list
listen carefully that is not correct.
set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
dim the lights down a bit
can I get the recipe for chocolate brownies
what are the train times today
is it anyone i knows birthday this month
when does iphone stock usually drop
we're out of paint so take bathroom painting off the list
get the coffee started please
nightime
ah it was great one, olly.
please turn up the light a little
how many species of bees are there in the united states
is fongs dine in only
open calendar and erase all events for all months
lower speaker volume
what alarms are set
send email to marissa
start the coffee maker
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
please turn on the sean hannity show on am
what are the lyrics to the song i will always love you by Dolly parton
good restaurants
birth date for movie star keanu reeves
hows many more reminders are left
is the alarm to the backdoor set and ready to go
initiate vacuum cleaner
where is steven spielberg living
is there email id of john in the list
which stock markets have lowered in the past three hours
this room lights off
book my first class ac train ticket from new york to san francisco
don't bother.
siri what does obstacle mean
open my list
notify me of the latest news on the stock market
angry bird play
what is the name of this song playing right now
great song for the commute
book ola cab for now
would you please shut up.
unmute
how much is five dollars worth in euros
add jim and jerry to event
how heavy is traffic now in denver
how old are kim kardashian's children
change song
i need a taxi in thirty minutes
music traking
can you take off the next event on my calendar
please speak quieter to me
no, you don't get what i just requested.
what is the highest rated movie now out
find a non stop train to seattle
it's dark in the living room
how much australian dollars one can buy for one pound sterling
find the events
please will you confirm the last thing said.
give me some bowie
Silence speakers
s1, would you please further clarify me on your answers.
search for pink's youtube channel
display date
find recent events of the celebrity
check for all emails from tom brady
rewind button
remove alarm of six am on tuesday
do you know what day it is
show me how to cook lasagna
tell me the trains from california to new jersey after eleven pm
can you please download my podcast file available in internet and play it once
set new alarm on five am
awesome work, you did well.
do i have any music by lady antebellum
enable cleaner robot
place order for usual burritto at chipolte
please set an alarm for seven hundred and thirty am tomorrow
remind me to have launch with boss today at one pm
i like top forty music
play recently added audiobook
book a train ticket for one one way for this tuesday at nine am
what will the weather be next week
one plus two equal
that is unimportant with me.
let's roll the dice
can you turn off on the wemo plug socket
reset.
add to calendar may two is mary's birthday repeat every year
color change of lights
remove cart list
hi google play me playlist wacky in my gaana application
please check episode number thirty nine
how much is ten dollars in euros
turn on alarm thirty minutes before liverpool started to play
what time will i arrive in austin tx
can you check and confirm detail please.
what is the time difference between here and japan
i want some curry to go any recommendations
please takeaway of giving required of the restaurant
what is the highest rated joke today
make sure there is no events on my calendar
what is this thing
will you tell me what you have said one more time please.
please check my playlists for jazz music
show me rediff masala
my games to play in my computers
define transcendet
list my different alarm
what is the route to the closest mcdonalds
tweet a complaint to local municipality
edit list
do i have a work number for susan
book me an uber ride to go home
i'm done with today's to do list
hmm, i think not correct.
please you don't speak in eight to ten pm
erase my grocery list
change the lights to dim
can you tell me what happened to my social media
i want to cook pasta in american style show me how
how long do i roast chicken breasts
elaborate further on what you've just said to me please.
does that restaurant allow call in orders
what is charles's email
get me a ride to hospital
what happened yesterday on samurai jack
i want to hear what i've said again.
can you save this song to my favorites
change that off the list
get me takeaway food
send email to gary
Hey turn the volume high
play from favorites song
find my thai takeaways around grassmarket
please rephrase again to me.
what is the name of the artist that created this song
turn up your volume
i need to play sims
make a grocery list please
i would like to make a post on times twitter
set off this alarm
please check and repeat this song one time more
what are today's headlines
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and euro
your response was not clear.
open stock price for name
can the lights be turned up
hey olly make me laugh with a good joke
well done, musch appreciated.
yeah exact response.
start a match of chess
what's the email address of silvia
start audio playback of twilight again
do i have any openings on my schedule for tomorrow
turn the robot vacuum cleaner on
play pong against me
will you check what i said please.
when was born abraham lincoln
u. s. d. to g. b. p.
rewind to four twelve
find apple on list and remove
turn off the lights in the living room please
what is john's phone number
search earliest trains to brooklyn ny weekends and holidays
what time am i supposed to pick up john again
play for me the game star wars
status for the pizza delivery from pizza hut
start poker game with me
i'd like a cappuccino please
what is eastern standard time right noe
create appointment to list
turn on wemo
is there any carnival taking place in our area
turn off all alarms
i need a recipe that is from ingredients on my shopping list
arrange the list in alphabetical order that are available
can you find and tell me the prices of facebook stock
turn off the smart socket
play super mario brothers game with me
what is the home phone number of mark
do i have anything scheduled in my events
what is the size of the united states
start a list of dog names
time time is the holiday party at the office
can you speak quieter please
further explain.
remove all alarm of sunday
sorry but that is not the right answer.
on the plug
anything is fine to me, olly.
is there a contact named allen in my list
show me all scheduled alarms
what is the closing price of apple today
i want the complete weather details of seventh march
s2, i am unclear about it.
please add johndoe@yahoocom to my contact list
can you create a new list in the playlist
play the twilight book
play racing
olly brighten the lights
please turn off wemo socket
which day this week do i have plans
include this
what day of the week does the next holiday fall on
what movies are playing right now
continue the smurfs book
really would not mind.
can you book me a taxi
retry the instruction spoke please.
please remove march nineteenth's scheduled event
do the knicks have a game at home tonight
what are the stock prices of target
really i would not mind.
send email to new email address
could you suggest some fun in new york
have a moan at easyjet
start play road rash
yeah exactly.
i want the wemo socket off
i want to hear my favorite jazz music genre
how heavy is traffic on interstate twenty
thank you very much for listening.
delete alarm
what am i listening to
do i have any alarms for tomorrow morning
show me the time in new york city
increase the volume of the left speaker by ten
please pause this audio book now
i think it's not the correct answer.
cancel the plan of party
what is the value of apple
who is singing this song
lower the volume
how much is ten euros in dollars
remove my bedtime alarm
delete all of my appointments with dr smith this week
whatever, olly.
order takeout
please be quiet for the next two hours
could you play poker with me
give me the list of available train tickets from edinburgh to leeds
play this game with me
bed room two darken
can you tweet lif about their app crashing
give me new york's current time
on what date is easter this year
don't let me forget i have a parent teacher conference this monday at four hundred pm
anything i need to know
this is unimportant.
tweet insight cable's customer service and tell them i have been waiting on hold for thirty minutes
let's play fmod
turn up media volume
remove twenty fourth march meeting from schedule
play radio
could you tell me again please.
please tell me once more.
i was unclear about what you have said.
open derek's contact information
google please be extra quiet the baby is sleeping
can you tell me my recent emails
please will you explain me more on what you've said.
i would like to have a sushi can you order me a lunch
set a reminder for fifteen minutes to change laundry loads
tell me my lists
i need a cup of coffee
switch on the wemo plug
book uber taxi for my travel
how much is twenty two usd in euros
find me a good wine shop that stock old wines like older than ten years navigate me to that shop
what going on
is michael's a takeaway or delivery restaurant
tell me the local events
would you clarify me on your answer further please.
i had a relaxing day today
are there any recent emails from rohit
lower volume by fifty percent
tell me what time it is in dallas texas
show me my calendar event this Friday afternoon
is there a sports bar near kansas city plaza area
remove night night playlist
i am unclear about your answer.
can you please check and confirm the detail.
what movie should i watch today
you did awesome work,.
traffic alert
i need to put together a todo list for work
brighten more light
how much is remaining after subtracting four from eight
yeah fantastic response to the command.
i'd like to hear what i have just said again.
the time difference between lagos and new york is what
book and pay for a train ticket to denver for saturday
on my grocery list please add oranges
domino's has takeaway right
provide wall street journal news
cancel my meeting tomorrow
add email address iamironman@gmail dot com
what genre is most played on my music player
resume the two towers audiobook
email happy new year to john
raise living room lights half way
is it possible for you to provide the likes of my music
can i get the directions to the nearest bar
play subway surfers with me
send a birthday email to my boss
switch on all the lights
do they deliver
i would not know, olly.
let me see my alarms
it's good job, i appreciate it.
is that the song from spectre
i can barely hear you
what alarms do i got
is it snowing in california
can you retry please.
open audio book history of rome
what date is today
i want to play poker with you
show me a funny joke
dim the lights in my bedroom
did you get that correctly?
please lights less brighter
all lights has to be turned off during the day
can you book an uber tomorrow
movies with good rotten tomato ratings
how do i duct tape a gooseto apig
four divided by two equals two
tweet customer service not good for lpg service in my twitter account
take lunch meeting off my calendar
email tom the date and time of tomorrow's meeting
i can't see turn up the lights
play a party music list
start next episode playing
turn off my wemo socket
which pubs participate in the jazz festival
find events in local area
what time do i have a doctors appointment on the twenty second
google search booking train ticket
have i gotten any mail recently
add work email address
list items on my work list
play scrabble with me
check if default alarm is set
anything is ok with me.
what alarms are currently set
can you pause the audio
ah it is excellent.
set an alarm for this eight hundred pm this evening
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
house lights blue
time mr coffee for six am
please check if i got any emails from mom
how long until my order is ready
i'd like to hear the last spoke again.
color the lights red
that is unimportant to me, olly.
set an alarm for five am
what is the cooking time for boiled eggs
what is derek's phone number
It's too dark in here
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
cook me some oats
save my music choices
ten past seven
get more information on geographic information about this place
let me know the time in india
call rta and book a taxi for three o'clock in the morning
show me chinese food near me
what is trending on twitter
show me the previous episode
movie times tonight
what are good movies playing now
i want to listen to treasure island by robert louis stevenson
please will you just cancel.
will you please rephrase me further on that.
play me john's podcast
play the breakfast club
are any of my new emails from amy
email mom and ask how the weather is there
what is the home phone number for sarah
forget alarm
please explain me about your words once again.
find me a nice restaurant for dinner
play station gx in the radio
in the following week repeat this event at ten am every day
lower my music player volume by fifty percent of its current level
stay quiet
divide one thousand five hundred by one hundred and sixty
what is my schedule for tomorrow morning
what do you mean.
which song is currently playing
should i go through the valley or on the ten to get to westwood
tweet to consumer service that they should strive to be more accommodating
make a new list for me
anything would be ok with me.
turn the living room's light off
will you say what you have just said once more please.
elaborate me further on your answer please.
bring me ticket of train to city leeds
what's happening with the hurricane in the gulf
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train
how far does my dollar go in japan
near by grocery
get command exactly.
make my calendar empty
check inbox for mail from sarah
i want to and my email address
goddammit.
remove the alarm for tomorrow
what is the lowest microsoft stock price today
incorrect command.
send an email to jesse
s2, i was not clear about that.
increase volume to fifty percent
what is the weather like in grand rapids mi
what is happening to my order
s2, can not get this.
what do i have on my shopping list
can you reply to the email
what's the time difference between here and queensland
are there any events happening in town
please save the current song to favorites
yeap fantastic response to command.
please tell me a joke
start vacuuming now please
what is my wife's email
who sings this
make my lights blue
read some more of the daisy goodwin book for me
olly could you just cancel please.
i need you to say that last information again but much louder
remind me at five pm
how much money will i make for the week if i make dollars per hour and work twenty hours
trash file one
book taxi to new york city
change the lights in my home to orange
find the nearest taxi
dim the garden light by half
how is the spouse of obama
how many bots are in a dollar
turn up the lights
how many alarms have i set
put wash the car to my to do list
play the barney theme song
what day of the week does christmas fall on this year
refer local current events
what does it mean to be overbearing
i think you've done this all in wrong manner.
please would you repeat that.
i need to know all of the emails from contact pertaining to subject
find a recipe that uses ground beef and zucchini
start the coffee machine at three
i want to hear the latest podcast episode of s town
is the mail from chris about work
tell me the time in g. m. t. plus five
what is the definition of forensic
help me book a train ticket
i would like my to write original romantic messages for my wife
please put bread on the grocery list
lower lights now
thank you very much, olly.
what is clint eastwood doing these days
whether it would be sunny in califonia
do i have any new emails in my inbox today
read out the list
please make some coffee for me
shit, i didn't ask for this.
what are the best italian restaurants in los angeles
olly would you please shut up.
play episode two of the intern
i want to listen to soft rock
can you convert my time zone to the time zone i'm currently in
mute the music
turn off sockets
olly that's all.
where is place
will you further elaborate me on what you have said please.
can you give me the latest sports news
turn off the closet light
write a tweet to burger king expressing my disapproval
i want to know the best super market in this local area
alert me at ten am please
change the plan of meeting
when does the train from kansas city to iowa leave
can you play beats one radio
create new list
how does production and population affects us
look up the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
can you turn that down
what kind of music do you think i like
show me the email of jack
where is the food festival tonight
delete the old playlist and create new
give me the time in london
u. s. d. to yen
what is the root of six hundred and twenty five
that was nice one.
what home alarms have been set
show shops around second street
how big is russia
resume harry potter book four
reduce the intensity of lights
it is cloudy today
please resume my music
call pf chang's to order me egg foo young
i want more light
Get rid of my current alarms
please show me today's date
start coffee at six am
send a tweet
that song was awesome can you repeat
lower the overhead lights
hoover the hallway
what time does the train depart from downtown los angeles to santa barbara
i need some sushi what's closest
stock price for gss energy
i would be happy if you update me the events going on our area
i did not say it.
remember i've ordered a cake for tonight's birthday party let me know the status please
what time does the train arrive at edinburgh
show me how to cook a recipe
please set this date to repeat
how long is it from dalls to san antonio by train
do i have any alarms set for six am tomorrow
whats around
switch the lights to blue
i want you just cancel it.
please remove this event from my calendar
look up stock prices for my mutual funds and account
are there any accidents on harvard
please tell me who is going to win the nba championship
set an eight hundred am alarm for next tuesday
add eggs to list
do i have any new tweets
look up animal and give me the definition
please list the available rain trips to location a
say one more time again please.
vacuum the dining room
this is the best band ever
groceries list
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
anything would be fine with me.
did you get last thing i said correctly?
yes you have done it exactly.
get apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contacts
play radio station
can you turn up your volume
what movie are playing near me
remove events from my list
open google keep
how old was elvis when he died
describe rock sand
could you stop please.
can you confirm the details please.
what is my location
turn on vacuum cleaning
please turn on wemo socket
what is the best way to cook pasta al dente
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow
open twitter type my complaint and post to @consumer service
how to cook crabs
add a new email address which is
please repeat the last sentence from that book
i need to hear a joke can you tell me one
olly that is enough, cancel.
you don't understand it right.
please add deodorant to my shopping list
i want all my events deleted
initialize the robot vacuum
unmute after
switch the smart plug socket
goodnight
the location is my office
play me a random audio book that has to do with love
what is the forecast for the week
please check last thing i said.
how many euro in u. s. d.
yeap fantastic response.
check the status of my power usage
i want the light to be a little more red ish
does olive garden have take out
look for different recipes
define organism
what is the yen us dollar exchange rate
tell me about my upcoming week
increase the bright of the light
start a pot of coffee please
correcly.
searching for any special holidays for us country
change my house lights colour to blue
check and confirm the instruction please.
play me a radio channel for trance music
this is a five star song
can you explain once again.
play old
at what time is my alarm set
which rom com movie can i watch in theatres around new york
let's play our favourite football match on tv
remind me after a month
how do i get to brighton
calculate the travel time if i go to orlando by train
will you tell me again please.
wake me up at this time
please update list with new item
hey i want to send an email to my friend
s2, i don't get your words.
what will the weather be like on saturday
let's hear ninety two point one
what day of the month is next tuesday
play next doctor who episode
destroy all events
cut down the volume
can you repeat please.
mute enabled until i say so
will you shut up.
please erase the next birthday event
check last thing i said.
the answer is confirmed.
find an uber driver available for tonight after ten pm
whatever will be okay for me.
check my list
you are the best,.
delete out item
find jazz music on my playlist
order a takeaway
it was nice job, thank you so much.
start pandora
reset the alarm
please alert me when john emails me
play radio javan
book a train ticket with a berth seat to lucknow for next week
it's helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
remove all the events and schedules
weather in home town
the current news
evaporated
make me a coffee
the command was wrong.
i want to make next week's to do list
what is the latest news on sprint
add this song to my playlist
move to the next song in the list
hmm, it is not what i wanted.
what is the time in ajmer
reserve the closest uber
send an email to rohit saying i am busy tomorrow
what is the best recipe for tacos
pull up list
increase the volume of the speaker
read that list back to me please
how do you make cookies
retry please.
what time is it eastern
what time have you set the alarm
please speak that one more again.
i want to hear that again.
what things can't you do
tell me about the list
march one is susan's birthday right
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
what day is this event scheduled for
give me options for indian carryout under dollars
what are listed
start making some coffee
what does triumph mean
play rummy
please tell me the name of this band
repeat that.
robot vacuum the living room now
wouldn't bother.
please turn the music volume up
change the color of my porch lights to green
would you stop it.
please alert me to the time
do i need to take an umbrella today
i want you confirm that please.
cnn
please turn on the lights
what should i wear is it cold outside
play bbc radio four
mention the stock price of hdfc
remove the last item
set a reminder for tomorrow evening
how much time is a train to there
make a list about selena gomez concert schedule
i am sorry but i think that's not correct.
please turn the lights up to eight
what day is it on fifth december
dim the lights please
run the robot vacuum cleaner
when do i need to leave to pick up my order
shuffle the current album of songs
any fast food meal offers
define swerving
set an alarm for tomorrow morning at eight
i think this was not correct.
could you please play the fm station which plays pop songs
delete the first alarm
please list shops within one miles from me
what trips are available from new york city to poughkeepsie
tune in to my favorite radio station please
delete list blank
can you try the last one spoken once again.
what is the condition of traffic from work to home
give me the opening stock price of acer computers
put the item on the list
flag two day after this day as my holiday
i don't mind for whatever.
book me a train ride covering five destinations to see in new york
can you create new list for me
look up news articles about trump
what does one have to damage in cream to make butter
please add dinner with mary to my calendar on saturday
i need coffee
what happened to the dow jones today
do i have a dentist appointment on monday morning
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
does fridays do takeaway
do we have thirty first day on this month
two by two is
play next episode of harry potter by j. k. rowling
when is my food going to be here
where is los angeles
traffic please
describe what a sphere is
canadian us exchange rate
i like this song please save
play football with me
audio up
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
how much is one dollar in pounds
change the light colors
is there any chances of rain this week
please set my alarm for five pm
wake me up at ten
appreciate your helping, olly.
draft an email to kailey about work later
what movies is kevin spacey in
give me the exchange rate between japanese yen and the australian dollar
start the smart plug
play the god of small things
please remove list
book a taxi to the airport
have any emails come in since four hundred today
i've got dollars for the month how much can i spend every day this month
s1, will you further explain.
raise the volume of my music player by fifty percent
sorry but it is incorrect.
that is nice work, thanks.
remove this from the list
lower lights
please would you cancel it.
get news about new foreign policy
could you check and confirm detail please.
what alarms have been set for me
is there life on other planets
what is the square root of thirty six
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
please turn off the light
what's around me
show me nearby takeout restaurants
macdonald shops
delete all appointments for tomorrow
please brighten the room
does not matter for me, olly.
i don't mind for any one, olly.
explain further please.
please turn off the light of the bathroom
who has written to me or mentioned me in social media
describe a tomatillo
remind me to buy jeans on my shopping list
compare prices of dairy items in local shops
what is a good lave to eat near me
start radio station one oh seven point five fm
what is the answer to two plus two
kill all the frogs you see
play today's podcast from the mi
retry the last spoken.
let's start over please.
get me news on trump
tell me when i need to leave the airport
how is the traffic in broadway street
delete my appointment tomorrow
hurriedly activates my robot vacuum cleaner
can you please tell me who are you
remind me about my biology test at fsu on friday
hey olly my the lights a little warmer
make us a brew
kfi is my favorite rapper
theaters near to me
really wouldn't mind.
find me the latest podcast about president trump and his immigration ban
list the lists i have
i find rap music really enjoyable
would you speak it one more again please.
best restaurant in local area
please will you shut up.
loudly
wouldn't know.
what is my schedule for june fourteenth two thousand and seventeen
i want to listen to be more chill by ned vizzini
add eggs to the list
what is one plus one
what is love
alarm ten am
i'd like a train ticket to this location
how old is mary s.
play chess with me please
can you define conservative politics
brighten the lights a little bit
can i see my work lists
are there any special events in my town
tell me about the presidential race
remember to put carrots in there
get me the latest news in new york
get me train times to location from station
play one more time
can you turn off the lights
is there any type of festival going on in town this weekend
can you explain me the problems when the syria becomes more stronger than america
please raise the lights to max
remove the santana music list
set alarm at six thirty am
how do i make meatloaf
make a meeting with friend
do i have any undone tasks
please turn off my alarm for this evening
make it brighter in here please
shit, not right.
play lady now
delete the famous actors list
who is the singer of this song right now
can you tell me on tuesday to give jane a call
play the health show on the television in the living room
remember this email
could you please help me in listening to the radio
clear all from my iphone
what do i need to make lamb pathia
delete the monthly recurring team meeting till june
add this song to my catalogue
turn off plug
yes right response.
tell me about sean connery
play the latest seahawks podcast
please start the vacuum cleaner
list and play all theory podcasts under ten min
can you open the reply inbox
remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
fantastic response to command.
what is the news about terrorist attack in afghanistan
wake me up at four am
isn't it a lovely song please save this for me
delete my eight pm alarm
play true love next
how many calories are in a one divided by of peanuts
please delete this item
olly skip song
add something to my list
could you order sushi for tonight dinner
please turn off the smart plug socket
turn on robot vacuum cleaner
what movies are showing in cinema today
delete an first event of twenty third of march twenty seventeen
please block off friday at eight am on my calendar
what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck
please remove my alarm
play golf
is it possible to drive now in ohio
outlet on
please tell me the latest news about politics
move on to the next podcast episode
is it Monday today
check in contacts
lets listen to hunt for read october
is there any concerts taking place in new york today
tell me how to cook meatballs
can you please turn up the lights
what is the temperature i am supposed to cook this lasagna at
snapchat
play cindi's favorite podcast
lower the lights in the house please
crabmeat recipe
please contact michael m from my list with this text
how time is it
strongly agreed.
scratch that one from the list
book a train ticket to city leeds
have i received any emails about jared's birthday
rahul contact
turn on the fan socket
what all lists are available
fantastic work, you've done well.
given it is four thirty five pm in london what time is it in melbourne
drop it from list
you got the command right.
make sound louder
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
s1, please elaborate further on it to me.
resume playback
is there a takeaway in chipotle restaurant
what is the status on my takeout
does the restaurant have delivery
uh no, it isn't what i am looking for.
what does tacobell stand for
i want you to check what i just said please.
please write up a compliant
what do i need to complete first from the list
hey play my favourite podcast from list
you have done command exactly.
can you find me a furniture store near me
change the light color to blue
i need to hear that sentence said again.
we should play nfs at high speed
what is your prescription for long and healthy life
check my last post on facebook
describe your list
is the answer of five plus two seven
can you make coffee
fifteen plus twenty
open grubhub
olly that is all.
i dont need light
what's happening in my town
i want to hear the radio
wake me up in thirty minutes
when is the next train to new york
are there any crafts fairs happening in this area
tell me the details of the music playing
tune to pandora
it looks sunny and clear today is that true
change the lights to red
you have done the task wrong.
what is apple's stock price
what is motorola going for today
does not matter to me.
what is the temperature
events upcoming
give me the product review from gamespot about the nintendo switch
your volume is too high please repeat that lower
save this songs genre for me
could you make a train ticket for me
oops, that's not the right response.
find a pizza restaurant open until noon
deadpool
remove item from list
it's exact.
facebook info
how do i get to starbucks
can you check and confirm what said please.
stop audiobook
could you tell me once again please.
cancel all my appointments
please arrange to make all lights to show brighter
ask peking garden when my food will arrive
make me happy juice
hey turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at ten am
go to sleep
could you check it.
i would like to know the train timings to bournemouth tomorrow
i need a good chick flick any thoughts
please set my alarm clock for eight am
set alarm at ten am
one more again please.
begin playing the audiobook beauty and the beast
book me a return trip from edinburgh to london by train
could you please again clarify your answer to me.
solution for eighty one divided by nine
that is all, just cancel it.
set an alarm for next tuesdays meeting
start a new list
tweet to amazon about late delivery of my tv
don't make any sounds
play music
check on the delivery of my current order
list new emails
make me coffee
wake me up at time
open parcheese game for you and i
are there any events happening this weekend
that wasn't right.
any one would be good to me.
make the wemo go on
what are the news notification
move the volume up a little
i want to book a train ticket
best ticket price air plane to chester on the twenty first
don't speak for an hour
can i get an uber home from the fox downtown as soon as possible
turn on repeat
whats the weather like right now in new york
how many legs does a dog have
show dan's contact detail
start spider
can you begin the brew
which is the nearest restaurants available
oops, you did not get me.
play thinking out loud next
description of iphone seven
delete my to do's for this week
let me know about the stock rate of a microsoft
turn on some music
top news
Please play this game
i want the coffee machine to make me coffee
hey what's a book
play most recent podcast upload
please post happy birthday usa on my newsfeed
light green
it was a very hectic workday
exchange rate of yan with dollar
i would like to start a new list
what is the news today
wemo socket on
what the traffic condition outside my office
please increase volume in music player
i would like to know the best rating pubs in the local area
mary's contact number
tell me what is next on my query
give me the weekly weather near me
what time is bina going live with her sale on facebook
send a taxi to come pick me up from my location
send an email to adele
place an order for a combo platter from china buffet
any new interests from linda
please create a new list
in classic all music are there ever any singers
should i take an umbrella today
search for pizza nearby
the list contain what
when i should leave to office
look up a lamp
what is the name of the lead singer in this band
minimize the lights
find an uber on twenty ninth
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
order a smoked meat platter from beanos
turn off the office lights
check emails for unread emails from mom
i am not so clear about what you just said.
ask me an arithmetic question
how long do i need to cook a brisket for it to be medium
stock
tune into my selected station
it is useful, thank you.
what's the latest on the travel ban
got it exactly.
i have a meeting with sean at four pm on wednesday can you remind me
i want to play rock paper scissors let's play
decrease volume to very soft
can you tell me a good place to eat
what is email id of john
load sirius and play a rock and roll show
i will no longer be joining mom for lunch tomorrow
list entry
can you book a train ticket to berkeley for me
could you say one more time please.
it's helpful, appreciated.
is there any alarm active
where are italian restaurants in me area
mute for the next hour please
can the lights be changed to green
book please
from four to six when do i have a free break
what is happening tomorrow
i want to listen to rock
can you make some coffee
what's going on at the capitol
move to the next episode of hipsterhood
can you watch a movie on netflix with me
find my wife
wait, i think that's not the right answer.
what is the traffic like right now
book me a train for the next available train
please convert the time of here at nine pm to brasil time zone
for how much is hp selling for
change to blue
turn on a country music station
silence for certain amount of hours
change my room lights to blue
schedule a journey to las vegas by train
instructions to make a meal
please turn off my smart plug socket
what does jon bon jovi's wife look like
i need to change the color of this light
is there anything exciting on twitter today
when was the song playing now released
can you tell me how to cook chocolate chip cookies
please turn off the wemo plug socket
check delivery options for the restaurant
yeap correct response.
show me the stock prices of target today
how big is the grand canyon
repeat birthday
today's jokes
louder
what time is the train passing by
activate silent
remove my car payment on the fifteenth from my calendar
what is twenty percent of one hundred and fifty
hello google post my current status on twitter mentioning a great trip to paris with friends and family
send this message to the family group starts with a
could you please schedule a meeting with this person
can i know what i on the list
i've cancelled the order placed at mcd did it go through
prepare to send an outgoing reply message
where can i shop as a local tourist
any restaurant in the beautiful
what traffic is there on the route to the pittsburgh airport
today was a hard day
send a confirmation email to sandy
next i want to hear shinedown
check the news
have i got new content in my twitter feed
brighten lights
play hot ninety seven
that was helpful,.
what's the change in best buy stick
what meetings are available in march
nope, you are incorrect.
i want the cheapest train ticket to new york
what's the news in politics
is there anything new on reddit
show me reviews of my nearest location food court
resume audiobook please
book me a taxi from castle street to airport
reply back to this email
start playing again
what is photosynthesis
show me pancakes
start a takeaway order for me
begin a new list
alarms
set a reminder for john's birthday next week
did paul email me recently
remove all upcoming events please
make a things to do list
pull up the menu for the closest mexican restaurant
please check detail.
i would like to hear what said again.
please order my favorite dish from my favorite restaurant
can you recommend any pub in mg road
please be silent
quiet mode on until i am home from work
please set the lights to green
what time is it in new york city
please order one train ticket to los angeles
call a taxi
just increase the volume a little
commence coffee making
touch the mute button
give me low lighting in the kitchen
turn on smart socket in dining room
play my rap playlist
i wouldn't really bother, olly.
play some boy band music
what movies are being shown at the regal cinema
i need to know if mr pizza delivers
would you just cancel it please.
how old is betty white
erase the chore list
i will need a scarf in afternoon to overcome sunlight
get me up at eight am
how does it feel outside
remove meeting for wednesday morning
could you speak more softly
book me golden taxi for today at five pm
what is the time difference between eastern and pacific
is bills cell phone number in my contacts
turn off the kitchen lights
do i have anything planned for today
i want to see the recipe of veg biryani
would you please check the detail.
delete this item
olly will you cancel please.
what are the train times for today
can you bright the lights please
did linda connors reply to any of my emails this morning
turn down the brightness
play jack johnson playlist music
delete all the events of today
checkout today third set alarm
nighttime mode
delete event from mine
vacuum the house
i would like you to add an email to my contacts
what does apple of my eye mean
lower the lights
how many alarms are currently on my phone
let's play a game of trivia
tweet a complaint to old navy website
lower the speakers
clear my activities list for today
tell me the weather for this week
set an alarm for thursday at seven pm
what is dollars in pesos
play am
takeaway status
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in benton ar
turn on all upstairs lights
is there any salon in babaji nagar
open twitter and add complaint on doctor patel's feed
let's play a game of chess
olly i like you just cancel.
prepare some cups of coffee for us
if a pencil cost four dollars and a book ten dollars cost how much i should pay if i buy two pencil and three book
where a good restaurant
please will you clarify me more on it.
how many months in a year
find me a train ticket to boston
how about the latest news
find recipe chicken casserole
see if john is available for a meeting on Monday
find a train going from prague to brno
please do not answer
thursday at three pm there is a teachers meeting i need to be reminded of
an graphical images effects to be required
go to social media and post the following status
exchange rate of euro with dollar
skip to next nyt podcast
Please pause the song
jay's phone number
is there anything happening in town this weekend
church with mom and dad on sunday
would you please check instruction.
i would not mind for any one.
play my favorite station
send an email to emma
could you please recommend a mexican restaurant for take out
please turn the music up
please can you say it one more time again.
how was the weather this week
check last thing i said please.
what day of the week does the twenty second fall on this month
what day of the month is it
speak one more time please.
there is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
what is the traffic this morning
describe london for me please
turn on notification for all news on the stock market
what is sarah's number
please do not respond
turn off this light
i would like you just cancel.
what are all the event in area
i would like to receive updates about the stock market every day
please rate this song five stars please
open the profile of allen from my contact
start from last time on my audio book
color of light should be dimmed bright
book swan play
what is today's close of goog
turn up the volume on my speakers
list all of my upcoming alarms
that does not matter with me.
olly that is enough, just cancel.
set the alarm for five am
once again clarify me about your answers please.
play the newest morning show podcast
have no idea for which to choose.
when is my order ready
what's on the radio right now
be quiet
pause the music
would you play some music please
wake me up at five am
jane doe
did i email tom on the subject of gun control
i would like to hear what i've said again.
will you further elaborate me on it please.
please dim the lights in the bedrooms
book an uber to los angeles cinemas in one hour
couldn't understand what you just said now.
where is the hottest desert located
please negative response tweet on daikin service
find local shops
quieter
please check whether the email of jancy has come
please arrange to wake me up at three am alarm
please change the lighting to blue
silent mode
can you tell me a latest news
play music playlist
what is the song currently playing
please turn off the lights in bedroom
what is the definition of god
order ribs for dinner
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
that's useful, thank you.
please send a taxi to my house
retrieve the light for me
turn on the vacuum now
what's the weather supposed to be like on wednesday
what is this event is called which happening my area
what are the latest tweets on my twitter account
put pencil on a new grocery list
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
order takeout from pizza restaurant
save this email in contact
tell about the origin of the word evolution
i want to see the next podcast available
send a tweet to esurance to say i hate you
today i couldn't find my phone
i don't mind to select any one.
please let me know the alarm kept for tuesday's meeting
shuffle music
can i order take out from licari's
send a request to martin
please check and confirm detail.
change light colors
can you change my time zone to central
can you play my favorite audio book of tarzan
what does a geranium look like
really i don't mind, olly.
what is marketing
let us do it again.
any festivals in town at this time or in the coming week
reply to erins email by saying i will be on time
would you again rephrase me on your words please.
please place my new email address to the contact
how many mega pixel is listed in the description of the canon
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
what alarms did i set today
raise the lights
what does the clock say
list things on my list
play from this point from this audiobook
what is on this list
remove pepper from my grocery list
please would you cancel.
yeah that is perfect.
send will do thanks to john as a reply to his last message
tweet @phohouse your server was rude #badpho
please list the best clothing shops near me
turn the light off
name the artist who sang hotel california
run the vacuum
which alarms are set in the phone
tweet complaint to amazon products
i want to know the stocks of amazon
what are my reminders for this week
please turn off the lights in this room
weather for the next week in new york
when will by order from taco bell be delivered
can you pull up information on the singer of this song
will you say again please.
where is the hottest place on earth
what is twelve divided by four
what and how is india's economy at the moment
book a train ticket for friday april fourteenth for boston
what is the traffic situation right in broadway street
play next reason podcast
please save this song to my favorites
please open my fm radio and play nine hundred and eighty seven
delete my meeting for one pm on march nineteenth
call eastwind and order lomaine to go
coffee
i was not so clear about your answers.
how many g. b. p. can i get for one dollar
lower hallway lights
read me the last email from stefan and oil change
have i gotten any new emails from mary
what movie should i go see
tell me what is in your list
change your colors to something different
amazon stock price
lights out
what are the traffic conditions currently
play musician play list
how much is apple stock worth
give a hand to this game
fix an alarm
wonderful job, you have done well.
who's current music's author
who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting
please play me a song from my favourite list
show me my meetings this Friday
how can i cook pizza
what time in las vegas
how many times does fifty go into one million
who was john dillinger
and the pound is doing how badly against the euro
checkout today alarm of meeting
where does fred work
send a snotty tweet to bbc
i need all the local events for this area that are being held this weekend
please show me the list that i have
look for train tickets to edinburgh tomorrow
remind me of this meeting soon
i wouldn't really care.
list shops in douglasville ga
dim the lights at the living room
post a facebook status engaged
can you check last thing i said please.
s1, can you rephrase me more on the last sentence please.
what is the time of the morning train headed to chicago
could you please once again elaborate to me.
please set the alarm for seven
find me any news from so clean the last six hours
i want you to remove the item from the list
resume audio
which song am i listening to right now
what events are scheduled for me to do today
play album audiobook
i need the lights in here to be turned up to seven
this alarm needs to be permanently silenced
remember metallica selections for next time
please give me the road forecast for i95 sb
how many people live in los angeles
order me some chipotle
turn the lights off
resolve this thirty twelve
journal entry for today
google the word
add a new list
make a new list
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
tell me what's on my holiday list
wouldn't mind to select any one, olly.
have stocks gone up or down today for walmart
adjust the light
hey does that restaurant have takeout
post i am happy to facebook
find me the local npr station
i need to book a train for tomorrow to go to new york
who is the artist of the song playing now
play the college baseball game
olly that's enough, stop.
book a train ticket for an eight am ride to charleston west virginia
resume my audio book from karl pilkington
initiate polling for new email
open pandora play rock station
what was the weather for the week
show me the dim colour
uh no, you did not understand what i am searching for.
what is the weather for the school week
what time is the last train headed to chicago
send an email to my brother and say wedding anniversary
what is the correct time
place order to pizza takeout for seven pm
mute sound on speakers please
make a new contact with this email
tweet starbucks and say that the customer service is awful
how many rupies are in a dollar
head lines today from news
dim the lights in the bathroom
list out my meetings today
i want a train ticket from los angeles to phoenix
send reply to joe
i think you did not get this right.
you have got the answer exactly.
remove my list of notes from last week
please tell me about the historic facts about india
s1, explain me on your answer further please.
find new email
play ping pong
check the command.
complaint to dept for food quality
create new list for baby names
is my school alarm set
how is coca cola stock doing today
tell me some joke
show stock of goog
tweet my current location
any one will be ok for me.
please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie
set reminder notification for three o'clock
olly just stop please.
how is this weeks weather
did you set the alarm for five am
increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
what is the current traffic in washington town
define rumplestiltskin
do you have a funny joke for me
what is mary s.'s phone number
sound off
book me a train ticket in any train to bombay for tomorrow
what movies are playing in columbia
give me the definition of the word fondle
what is john doe's address
tell me when taco bell can deliver my dinner
set my alarm for time
how's weather today
can you check last thing said please.
most viewed list
please let's start over.
activate robot cleaner in an hour
what movie theatres are in stephenville
repeat same song for ten times
turn on the coffee pot
could you please confirm what i just said.
please search for local events
where am i supposed to be by this time tomorrow
lower brightness of lights
what's the meaning of rumplestiltskin
am i gonna need rain boots
give me the list of all events coming up in the next month and set notifications for all of them
what are the pending reminder for today evening
check the dish price and all
heading to gym please post to facebook
what do i need to get done today
open radio frequency ninety nine point five
where can i get a shot of tequila and some to go mexican food
buy me a train ticket
how would you describe the internet
thanks but i think you have gotten me not correct.
two am removed
lets get a taxi
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
turn down the lights
what is tom's phone number
remove emma's birthday from events
what is the weather this friday
answer the email
remind me that i like that song
What's playing
would you set the coffee maker running
off the plug
does mr t have a family
and the light began
tweet i am doing well on twitter
yo i need a coffee now
where is an olive garden that does takeaway
show me my playlist
tell me the answer for two plus two
what's new with the stock market
what was the last thing my mom said
train times location
please further elaborate your response.
make the lights in the house red
what's the traffic on eighty today
are my contacts mostly female or male
book ticket to depart in the morning
i want to change the light colors
i want to finally read the mars trilogy
what's on my list
make me a cappuccino
i think you did the task incorrectly.
lower the lights please
hi buddy send mail to my friend hellen regarding home builders are not accepted the offer
please make the lights natural
mute the speaker please
update me on the standing rock protest
call dad
i want to see all set alarms
send me the last list uploaded
tell me the name of the composer
give me the exchange rate for dollar in euros
keep playing war and peace
who is the music director of this song
remove all alarms set today
i need a taxi to pick me up at the house and take me downtown
it is very hot today is not it
what is my grocery list
what is two plus two
show contact of john
find a recipe for chicken alfredo
which currency is greater the us dollar or yen
erase calendar events
please archive my read messages
what is a funny joke about car
open chess game
keep reading
how about playing a game of guess the word i'm thinking of
set a notification on third march about company meeting
please change color of light to pinkish
play power one oh two point three
correct response to the command.
turn the lights down
write this message to the coworker group
when did beyonce and jay z get married
turn on my plug
any farm markets around with local products
raise lights to full power
continue onto the next podcast
play maroon five playlist
what is telekenesis
tell me one more again please.
tell me once more.
i want to play a trivia game
please go to the local sports talk show on the radio
turn off my alarms
does the nearby dominos have delivery
stock exchange rates
rate this song five stars and save the rating
it was nice one, thank you very much.
i am so hungry and tired and i think i might order some food now
erase all content in my calendar
what are the names of all my saved lists
i need to set up a new list
does this place do takeaway
show list items
open tic tac toe
i want to hear surfin usa
call the restaurant to see if the delivery is on the way
you've done it right thanks.
what's happening around the world
are there any tornado warnings today
how would you tackle the following problem brush your teeth
is logan a good movie to watch
hey olly make the lights a little dimmer
remind me to meet with steve at one pm tomorrow
please can you check the last thing i said.
isn't keith urban wonderful
olly that is enough, stop it.
play program on xmtune please
did trey sand any messages
play radio mirchi for me
start over.
stock google find out
is dinner ready yet
current traffic conditions
tell me my choices for a good steak restaurant near here
what's the funniest joke
usa today headlines
please turn on roomba
do i have a doctors appointment today
i need a break start it after five minutes
can i see my lists for today
play the previous podcast
refer the stock price of hdfc
i would not mind to select any one.
can you delete the doctors appointment i had Tuesday
remove grocery list
what does snafu mean
send an email to my wife about next week weather
romantic light setting please
mute the living room speakers
remove calendar events for this week
how much snow has fallen in maine since yesterday
play the next recording
silent mode on for the next three hours
would you please check it.
remove today's meeting at evening
what does the list contain
show me what i can do with fitness
what does the traffic look like on my usual route to work
what is amazon worth
send an email to my boss and attach the presentation file with it apologize for being late
how much is b. p. in u. s. d.
play billybob show on bbc radio four
please will you check last thing said.
what is the most current exchange rate in china
catcha a ride
twenty second april day
the lights are too bright
can you play the next podcast
i need you to find a good channels to listen to
delete all scheduled events
find nearest train station
is there a train from philadelphia to new york city at noon
uber please
increase the light in the room
turn off bedroom fan
what is the exchange rate between money i'm the united states and switzerland
yeap correcly.
hey send an email to my friend
book a train for me
show me the date of today
where can i got to grab some drinks in west chester
what alarms are on right now
what's the next event at the library
hi please remind the next meeting with my boss it will be at eleven am next monday
yes it's confirmed.
i'd like you cancel it.
send the email to john
which place has more traffic
figure out what percentage thirty is of one hundred and sixty three
can you set an alarm for seven am
add toothpaste to my shopping list
cancel the alarm that is set for tomorrow at eight am
can i find out information about a contact
please update my grocery list with one gallon of two percent milk
olly i would like you stop.
i am sorry but that is not the right answer.
how many dollars are in a pound
start coffee machine
how much is the us dollar versus the pound
how many days are in this month
can you please turn off the wemo plug socket
please change time zone to india
get the roomba to start cleaning
disable the alarm at ten am
slow down the speaker volume
show me upcoming events in the quad cities
tweet consumer service
please play next episode
reduce light intensity
march fifth is john's birthday please place this on the calendar
please find all name start with alphabetic of g and create a list
play by favorite radio station
list the games you can play with me
show me share price of tata
look up the definition to ambulance
Check outlook
social media updates
make the room blue
i don't have enough money to buy the nintendo switch right now can you please remove it on my amazon wishlist
play audiobook of jacob
it is too loud decrease the volume
when is the next lakers game
play jazz from jennifer's latest album
what is my next event
set an alert for two pm
dim the lighting in my living room
please cancel.
i want to hear a funny joke
what's the most popular curry place in town
what is happening in the world today
show me future events
what is going on in me area today
resume audiobook
nine hundred and ninety nine fm is currently playing what music
let's have a warm glow in the front room
you are hero,, olly.
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled
i want to hear play that funky music
please confirm last thing said.
perfect job, you have done well.
have i got any new email from my company
tell joke
is there anything new in my email folder
make light color red
play the client by john grisham
re add eggs to the list
why do some people still think the earth is flat
could you elaborate further on your answers to me.
i dont want sound
show meaning of clarion
can you turn off one of my lights in my bathroom
show latest news about migration
could you elaborate me more on your response please.
erase my whole calendar
could you speak the last utterance said once more.
make the volume to zero
can you give me train times for ann arbor
please play for me elvis presley song again
what is the traffic condition of florida
take bread out from the shopping list
i'd like you to shut off my smart plug socket now please
events happening between eight am and five pm today
start my robot vacuum cleaner by ten to eleven am daily
i need oranges added to my grocery list
i was not clear about your answer.
please make me a coffee
show me some vegan restaurants close by
please check alarms
delete all events for the next five days
how old is kim kardashian
yes wonderful response to command.
what should i do this weekend
hey start vacuum cleaner robot
turn on the light socket
is there any traffic on my way to work
turn on the lamp
turn off room lights
is traffic heavy
add a new contact for daniel bell dbell@aol dot com
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
write a complaint to best buy
press play on the radio
what high school did halley barry go to
add the item to the list
send a tweet to safeway about water in my gas
please add this song to work out playlist
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
do i have any private messages on any social media
adjust the light option
erase my appointment on the twelfth from my calendar
play the radio band with sports commentary
next episode in the podcast please
can you set the living room lights to pink
give me the number to mom
stop play
what time is it in another city
what is your mood today
sum of five and two
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
do you hear songs of arrahman music
remove all of my alarms
what train companies are near me
list all events and delete
how much to buy stock in i. b. m.
who built the prado museum
is the thanks giving event on fourteenth of this month true
inform me about the most popular rom com movie playing now in theatres across new york
what is a stock price of tata
local shops
i love hip hop
please tell me how to do my daughters eighth grade math
play happy playlist next
get rid of tax list from nineteen ninety
if i have a dablune how many dollars is that
please delete my morning alarm
on vacuum cleaner
yeap that was wonderful.
yeah you got your understanding perfectly.
thanks for asssistance.
forward to four twenty
yeah it's confirmed.
will arby's offer takeaway
what's on my todo list
start radio
what is the seattle city council doing about homelessness
please send an email to mom
dammit, this isn't what i just said.
s2, i can not understand that.
dolores how was your day
play that podcast please
give me a movie for tonight
please confirm details.
olly shut up.
delete the next event in the calendar
can you empty my calendar
this is a nice song
what is a sphere
turn off light in bedroom
play audiobook where we left off
send an email to my friend say birthday wishes
is is taco o'clock yet
new list please
what day of the week is my birthday this year
lower the light intensity
give me the idea of current traffic condition
where's the best and most affordable place to stay in san diego
send an email to my family wishing them a happy holiday
what is six divided by two
yeah it's good.
set a notification for june fifth every year
please increase the brightness in this room
go silent for a day
announce a comment in facebook
update my list with shoes
what's happening around me
show me my husbands facebook posts today
open fm
i think you have made a mistake, please rectify this.
make the lights less bright
send answer to george
i am forever hip hop
yes you have gotten it exactly.
cancel all my appointments after three pm today and inform me the details
how much for a train ticket
turn the volume down
send a tweet to apple that their batteries drain too fast
olly could you shut off.
what is the weather today
delete my alarm for eight am
connect to lights
you are smart, olly.
how do i make mashed potatoes
that is cool, musch appreciated.
where is the nearest olive garden
play gta vice city game
on the radio it is time for good music
please tell me what lists i have
oh that's good, olly.
make the light more brighter
help me to mute my speaker
tell me what is the nicest place to go
turn off the lights in this room please
find list and remove apple
Add pick up kids from school to my to do list for today
carlos linux upgrade email
it is ten am in eastern standard time what time it is now it pacific standard time
how long to get downtown
disable the first alarm
email tom
remove that event from list
exchange rates between dollar and euro
give me the most recent stuff you have angelina jolie
add these documents to the things i need to travel with
info of the upcoming events
yeap you have got my instructions exactly.
what degree is it outside
provide a joke
here's an email address
select a different color for the lights
can you check the facts on this issue
pink is all we need
display exchange rate of euro to indian rupee
call an uber for me
open news about bp oil
that is helpful, thanks.
open uber and book a car for twelve o'clock
oops, i think you do not understand me.
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
what time does the train arrive in sacremento
has john replied to my facebook post
give me the opening stock price of sony
yeap you've done that right.
what's the next thing on my list of appointments
what's the latest news about us election
please tell me to take my umbrella because it will be very hot today
remind me to meet joe for lunch tomorrow
look up word
i would like the house lights to be pink
i am sorry but you got that incorrectly.
is mary's birthday party tonight
rate this song to the maximum
how much is fifty us dollars with in china
download and save song of dangal movie
what's the closing price of abc
has wendy posted on facebook
i want to play a game with you
recommend a movie which is released last Friday
please let's try it one more time again.
Show geographic location of pyramids
does not really matter to me.
show me the top rated podcasts
please have vacuum go for one hour
would you please check to see if i've set my alarm for tomorrow morning
remove my meeting today at one pm
resume the playback of a child called it
i would like instructions on how to cook baked chicken
what is the result of one hundred minus fifty
what i can do with laptop
please turn up the speaker volume
please book the five pm train to rockville
add this email to my address book
i am sorry but it's not correct response.
minimize the light power
olly please would you stop.
what are the current lists i have
please save that song
convert one kilo to pound
let me know about the exchange rate of rupee to dirham
you helped a lot,, olly.
Hello book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
is the road in some particular area wide or narrow
what events are going in my town this week
are there any accidents today
what is the estimated travel time for the train ride to orlando
set alarm for tomorrow six am
that's enough, just stop it.
delete the party on june first from my calendar
what is traffic like right now
play game
what is a shoal
set an alarm for me at eight am
i appreciate your helping.
please play the next episode
check emails for last hour
resume last played audiobook
save all of my preferences information specific to songs
what is a good iranian film from two thousand and sixteen
write an email about next week weather to my wife
convert eight am manila time to new york time
where are my takeaway order
make a list of all the halloween events going around in new york
remove seven am alarm
confirm the order and send me the confirmation
how do you zest a lime without a zester
play my country playlist
what time of day is it in london
i want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel
order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms from pizza hut
look up for the residential address of my team leader
flip the wemo on
send email how are you dad to dad
when was this song first recorded
play a news radio station
whats the traffic density in
put the radio on
book a train ticket from washington dc to savannah georgia
stop making sounds for forty minutes
resume animal farm
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
make an alarm for three pm
yes you have got my instructions perfectly.
play any country music station
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
what's around tonight
vacuum the living room in ten minutes
what is the bbc's latest news
remove tomorrow's alarm
please turn down the lights in the house
did i receive a message from kevin
tell me the landline number
bring up facebook and wish a happy birthday to the country usa
play only particular singer songs
i watched the best movie please reserve me a copy when it releases
shall i change my car tyres to snow tyres soon
please make coffee at seven am
how would you describe a ball
yes fantastic.
please open go fish game and play it with me
give five stars to this song
remove books from list
please increase volume
get me tom's number
let me hear a joke
that's good one, olly.
what's the best chicken place near me
please turn the volume down
is it going to be nice tomorrow
please increase the volume of the current song
what is the title of this song and please shuffle songs from the artist that sang it
does mr pizza deliver
save this song to playlist
turn off sound
can you give me the train times to nyc
lights dim
what is going on in south tampa today
are there any construction areas on harvard
provide contact location
will you please play the next episode of podcast
put the playlist on shuffle
resume audio playback of twilight
yeap it's good.
what size is a sperm whale
please cancel all alarms for tomorrow
this song is too good
show me the weather forecast for the next three three days
remove this list from the others
show johns office number
yes it was perfect.
what is the currency conversion charges applicable
schedule me a taxi for after my thursday meeting
will you check and confirm command please.
what time is it in this city
take grocery buying off of the list
get rid of bananas on the list
place an order for a pepperoni pizza at papa johns
does mary smith live on main street
can you prepare a cheese sandwich
how far above sea level is denver
what are they saying about donald trump on this topic
what is the list type
which songs do i listen to most
switch off the smart plug socket now
make a new list for school supplies
check my twitter account
do i have any alarms set
what time does the first train depart from chicago
olly that's enough, just stop it.
book a train ticket to charleston west virginia eight am
please email celine
direction to local train station
olly that would be all.
s2, i am unclear about what you have just said.
add something@gmail dot com to my contacts
set a neighbor party for next week
turn the lights on brighter
what is the date easter falls on
start house cleanup
is there any good chinese takeout that's open late
please i want to hear we will rock you from queen
open the contact named john
change my plan erase my next event
report what is new in my email inbox please
is the anniversary event on twenty second of this month true
what music genre do i play most
how do i get to the mall
what is happening on facebook
two thumbs down @companyname
begin again book swan
set the time zone to g. m. t.
show me a map of everywhere the cat has been this week
move to next section
s2, could not get what you have said.
will you look up joe's contact information for me
i need to get going at eight am tomorrow set up an alarm thirty minutes before that
what is the price of apple stock today
i need to find a funny joke that is ok for kids
i need to book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
that does not really matter, olly.
it seems like the answer was not correct.
quiet please
tweet a complaint to kohl's customer service
post the following as a status on facebook
please mute my speaker
give me the description of a mobile battery functioning
play the bjork album i've heard the least
will you speak one more time again.
start up bejeweled
drive the car and bring my friends over
tell me random joke
could you dim the lights
could not understand it.
activate the vacuum cleaner and use it
sarcastic jokes
what do you suggest that i watch this weekend
whats the best place to eat near here
turn on wfrn ninety nine point one
can you forward an episode in the podcast
remove lunch with co workers on thursday
what's happening here
please describe an elephant to me
can you tell me what said once more.
answer is confirmed.
desk lamp one off
give me my social media update
pause the audiobook
local show
i was not clear about your response.
what is trending
play for me the music by madonna
how old is brad pitt
what time is it on the west coast
how cold is it outside
play all the latest pop songs
when did mount saint helens last erupt
you are helpful, appreciated.
how many pesos can i get for a dollar right now
book a cab which have cheapest price
will you do it again please.
reply the email of charles with just thank you right now
where is russia located
search for new jokes
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
find grocery store with an organic section near me
i just ordered food call and see it has been delivered
let's play global thermonuclear war
is yemen closer to japan or india
what does a soccer ball look like
where is my meeting at nine am
this is a good tune please notate file accordingly
add bob to my list of contacts
i want it to be able to tell me statistics about things it's done for me like how often i've eaten out this month
do i have any new email from ryan
cut off noise
it's too dark i can't even see my hands
i need help making pancakes
are you human
i want to listen arijit singh song once again
eight hundred and eighty nine fm please
yeah correct response to the command.
is there any train plying from pune to mumbai tonight
s1, please clarify me about your answers once again.
please show my list
delete shopping list
open my notes
could you please check the detail.
s2, i could not catch up with you.
please change the colour of the lights i'll tell you when to stop
decrease the volume
it would be nice if you post status for me
continue playing where I left off
remove standup on Friday at ten am
what is the title of the song
tell me a good doctor joke
turn up the speakers
put on the vacuum on now and clean the living room
quick meals
what kind of music am i into
current time new york
set the alarm in my calendar events before five mins
explain further on last sentence to me please.
skip this episode
doesn't matter, olly.
lower the volume of the speakers
set colour blue for all lights of my house
what is one dollar in euros
prepare a coffee
turn on the socket
will you rephrase this again to me please.
show me my alarms
can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
set my alarm for tuesday at six pm
switch lights to dim red
get the next episode
what is the latest on donald trump
it's cool, thanks.
what's leon's email
what is the exchange rate of euro today to dirham
currency conversion of u. s. d. and eur
when is easter in the year two thousand and eighteen
do i have the contact of tara john
set alarm at five am
let me know up and down in stock price of this company stock
turn the living rooms lights off
order two pizzas from dominoes
can you get me train ticket prices please
any funny jokes
go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection
save this song
turn off audio
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
when will my chinese food be delivered
let me know today's date in american format
keep me updated on the election results
when will my food be ready
can you see if john has replied to my email yet
yeah answer was correct.
system please dim lights to dull blue
delete the list brads appointments
you are star, thank you.
can i get a taxi to come to my house in an hour
please reduce the sound
change the color of lights
what mexican restaurants are there nearby for takeout
is i. b. m. up today
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
add a five am alarm in place of my nine pm alarm
book me a train ticket
stock prices of rolls royce
will you say once again.
yeah exact response to the command.
get me the latest news of world
turn the volume up
yeah you get it perfectly.
please talk softer
the volume of the music playing now should be raised
add apahelp@yahoo dot com to my contacts
turn off my bedside lamp please
tell me joe joe's home address
switch off the wemo plug
turn off on the socket
brighten up the lighting
mute immediately
change light colors from blue to white
show current news from bbc
turn down the sound
change the lights in the house to green
it's fantastic, musch appreciated.
show me upcoming events in chicago
i don't care, olly.
please continue with the next podcast episode
what times do my alarms go off
activate the radio please
olly i want you cancel it.
locate information on john smith about his work location
do you know the definition of school
are there any available train tickets to reserve
s1, please once again clarify to me.
how soon is my anniversary
uh no, i did not ask for that command.
shut off my living room plug socket
change the lights in the living room to green and red
exact response to the command.
i would like coffee now
tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today
what conducts heat better copper bottomed pots or cast iron
today i had a lunch with my longtime sweetheart play me a nice song to the mood
turn off lights in bedroom
please tell me what lists i have made
what movies are playing at theatres near me
what's the closest taxi to me
next week my uncle birthday
rahul marriage reminder
call pizza hut and order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms
show me movie times
show me my contacts
please play only sad song in music player
i need a drink
what day does my birthday fall on next year
can i have my list
what are the climatic conditions in that area
talk to you later.
show local events
cut wemo power please
play the jungle book
are there any veg restaurants in phoenix
olly can you just stop.
please play james altucher's podcast
tell me what's happening this week
look up movies near me
do i need a light or heavy jacket today
the list should not contain all food items with the prefix dry
i am sorry but i think you are not right.
i want to know more about this person
do we have morgan's office's number
what is us dollar today
next one please
what is the nine am cst to est
how do i prepare all my food for cooking
play only songs by the beatles please
let's make some popcorn and watch an old movie together
what alarm time had you set
please continue reading audiobook
is there any new vegan news on facebook
turn off the sound
remove pencil from stationary
make me a cooled coffee
tell me it one more time again please.
what lists are available
is calendar event true
which date is on next monday
whats a good joke
please turn on my robot vacuum cleaner
any new facebook posts from amy
hi there tell me latest updates of times of india page in facebook
give me lists
what is two times two
remove milk from my grocery list
how has your life been changed by me
give description of statue of liberty
humor me
how many cups of sugar in texas sheet cake frosting
would you shut down please.
i think it is not correct response.
tell me the street address of my facebook friend george
play it louder
please say one more time again.
i want to eat something will you order food for me
well done, appreciated.
how much of the earth is made up of water
please help serve me coffee with a no sugar
how many dollars is in pounds
can you tell me what kind of show can i go tonight in miami
hi what kind of pictures you uploaded in pinterest
Define economics
start the robot roomba
book my nearest available taxi
how deep is the deepest point of the grand canyon
what time is it in singapore
what is happening in delhi today
would you check the details please.
please can you check and confirm the details.
turn off the sounds
tweet my complaint about my truck to consumer digest
tell me about this week's weather
get the duet game
olly i like you cancel it.
send an email to my boss
please play next episode of podcast
time to workout
tell me about current status of sunderland vs liverpool match
can you add a new email to my contacts
set the alarm to seven am for work
what year what the eiffel tower built
wake me up
help me call james
are there any trips to location a provided by the train
delete last item listed
access latest news
show up the events for me today
what's the price of ge right now
i would like to attend church every sunday at eleven am
add meet with dave at subway on weber on four april at five pm
please tell me when's my financial meeting
start playing from where i left off on the goblet of fire
what is the time in london
how many teaspoons are in a cup
erase that from my calendar
could you tell me funny things
get me new definition
please call china wok and order number seven
checkout subway food centre near me and order tandoori roti
what's the news from source
can you help me find the answer to this question
delete my grocery list in my notes
didn't understand what you said now.
show me the places where i was
please decrease the volume of music player
olly that's all, stop it.
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
would you do it again.
please would you shut up.
give me the opening stock price of apple
whats the currency exchange rate from dollars to euros
play rush limbaugh on ninety seven fm
i want a nerd joke
turn off garage light
s1, can you please explain more on what you've said to me.
will the weather be bad on Sunday
what is tomorrows date
decrease lighting
where is stonehenge
train departure
tell me all the takeaways nearby and i want to order food
i would like to know the traffic condition
show me theatre where pirates of caribbean is playing
please delete list titled kickball
turn the lights blue
take away all events
that is cool, thanks, olly.
remove any kind of list
can you book an uber for me
can you please check and confirm what just said.
what does formidable mean
lessen the speaker volume
lower volume to half
please use shuffle
please turn on radio on seven am
wait, this is not the correct answer.
wouldn't mind for anything.
I'll take my coffee, black
olly please could you shut down.
set an alarm for one hour from now
how can i cook pasta
please put this playlist on shuffle
unset all alarm which is set
what does potato mean
what is the status of last take away order
repeat the current song
give me the latest on paul ryan
resume playing the miniaturist
tell me when will indians economy touch that of americas
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
add paav bhaji in menu card
tell my facebook group that i've arrived
are there any alarms set right now
send an email to john that i am on my way to home
pull up the complaint website for starbucks
let's try what you have said again.
louder please
what is tomorrows events
new alarm for six am
could you please confirm if leonardo is married
progress from the last paused point of my audio book
can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at ten am time
badminton
whats the latest
stop, i think that's not the correct command.
show me this week's forecast
cooking recipe
is there room on my grocery list for an extra item
start creating a new list
tell me a joke please
today's closing price for google
make a repeating reminder for tomorrow
that's confirmed.
good work, you have done well, olly.
what is the current exchange rate from u. s. d. to rupies
can you please switch off the lights
set alarm for saturday morning soccer practice at eight am
today some things happened
find hotel order food name
i want to listen to the podcast of the super bowl this past year
make me laugh
where did rama go on his final journey
could you tell me it one more time please.
who sing we are the world
train times to new york
create new contact
i favorite singer is arijit singh find his voice on radio
delete my next scheduled event please
s1, rephrase me more on it.
start the coffee machine
kindly switch off the light in the drawing hall
please describe about microwave
what does happy mean
do i have anything on my to do list
when was this song released
start audiobook again
will it get warmer here next week
you've done the command right.
hi olly change the color of lights in my room to red
start house cleaning
please start my podcast
book a taxi to start from here
where did he was yesterday
what is the exchange rate of u. s. d. to cdn
please start vacuuming
order me a large ham and olive pizza from dominos
power on wemo
olly will you stop it.
when monet's exhibition takes place
can you find the the preacher joe show on gospel radio
tell me about activities in my area this weekend
what did kim kardashian wear to london fashion week
how many american dollars are in a euro
try the last message one more time please.
Play something random from google play
will you rephrase me about your response once again please.
how many countries are in europe
turn the living room lights to one percent
what day today
power yourself on
can you tell me a little about yourself
this brings some problems to us
cup of coffee please
i need to turn on the plug in my office for my computer
book a taxi to go to the movies at one
open jokes
i would like to start this new audiobook
yeah wonderful response.
play for me hip hop music
show me the shortest route towards nearest train station
i need to hear again.
running competitions on the west side
how much is two thousand five hundred philippine pesos in dollars
when did dave matthews email me about the contract
was there any articles on shark attacks on snapchat yesterday
you are awesome,.
i need an alarm
tell me sum of five and six
one am set
did the price of walmart stock go up or down
list the items on my shopping list
what is the status on my latest order
i really enjoyed sunny day today
what song do i listen to the most
more lights please
i need to make a list
tell me about things to do in london
list all the events in my march calendar
which lists are present in the notes app
please add to my contact lists and send them a reminder email
bed room two lights off
i did not ask for that.
please continue reading the hunger games
is mary smith in my contacts list
resume my audiobook where we paused last
find train ticket
open chess app and begin game
list me the audiobooks i have already listened to
please save this song
play netflix on my ps four
i love to rock out with my sock out
any alarms currently listed
play scabble with me
nice job, you have done well, olly.
appreciated, olly.
i need a train ticket to denver
where is italy
my facebook update in every three hour should be available
do you know what a joke is
look to see if luigi's has takeaway
beep when i get an email from john
delete my list of appointments for tomorrow
what is the dollar against the pound
please submit status to facebook
you had me incorrectly.
set a reminder for twelve thirty meeting with the boss
what is that once again.
turn socket off
find out if the olive garden will let me do takeaway
what is the song name
can you book a train ticket
change the lights in the kitchen to blue
do remove next event from the calendar
set up uber
start the league of legends game
i would like to have a cup of coffee
i'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please
please reserve an uber right now
is there valet service at the event
play the scarlet letter
what movies are out this week
describe the statue of liberty
can you save this what a nice song for me
kung fu panda three
are there any roadblocks
when does olive garden close today
delete item on list
what are the most recent headlines on cnn
how much time it will take to prepare the order
increase lights please
hey play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
would you please elaborate more on your response to me.
is the traffic smooth right now
search if the restaurant does take out
show me all the events happening in milan
initiate celine dion music
what's the definition of diverse
turn on the rice cooker socket
change the color of my lights to something random
turn the sound up
write this complaint to comcasts customer service twitter
what is the age of britney spears
i can not quite catch up with you.
mute volume
where should i go this weekend
when indianapolis express will reach indiana
set an alarm for the dance classes two hours before the classes start
i want you to remove this event
order a double bacon cheeseburger with bacon an white american cheese
give me the release date of this song
is there anything left on my list
are there any events on my calendar for this week
please change the light to green
i need a taxi to go home
olly would you shut off.
what is sean connery's birthday
yeah you've gotten my instructions right.
please clear out my calendar completely
four plus five equals nine
restaurant delivery update
what's the weather in toronto today
What's close by for dinner
bring up a recipe for turkey meatballs
i want you to delete my shopping list from last month
email me the lyrics to this song
am i going to swim or work today
take out event from calendar
open lists remove list
yeah strongly agree.
latest event in new york city
call china wok
convert time zone to ist
new list
what are the ingredients in macaroni and cheese
schedule a delivery from food at the nearby takeaway diner
s1, would you further elaborate to me please.
tell me that one more time again.
what happened to my pizza order it has been an hour since i ordered
yes exact.
shutoff light in the kitchen
how far is france from miami
how many alarms do i have set
in jaipur traffic level is high
how do you make pasta
when is my doctor's appointment
siri what is the definition of ziggurat
review the alarms i have
has tom emailed me about ammunition
raise the volume of the speakers
can this room have green light
explanation of the song
yeap you've got my instructions correcly.
in my calendar delete all of my golf events for the current month
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep
turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee
start playing ringcast
will you please again elaborate.
open events this week
exchanges rates any problems
change my status to chillin
tell me the time now
that is unimportant.
yeah amazing response.
please explain me more on what you said.
what is three times seven
play the radio station one hundred and one point nine
skip
olly will you shut down.
i heard ale just got married can you please show me the wedding pictures on their instagram
hackernews
remove apples from my shopping list
hey play crazy by britney spears
sorry but that's not the correct response.
shut off the lights in the kitchen
i need you to mark next monday
start the radio
please tell me what is the stock price of dew in ny market
yeah you get command exactly.
play all songs by martina mcbride
what will the weather be like in austin on march sixteenth
please open my contact list
get rid of mike stein from contacts list
please keep quiet for the next hour
go to the podcast and play the next episode in friends
what is the difference between bake and broil
look up in contacts
i want to hear chopin now
how hot is it in quebec
you rock,.
tell me a play list
create an alarm for five pm
do i have free time next tuesday to schedule a meeting
check the events on calendar and delete the next event
tell me the name of this music
want to wake up can you order a cappochino
you have done that right appreciated.
i would like you check detail please.
is one divisible by three
can you confirm what said please.
wemo plug socket on
tell me who wrote this song
play the miami heat and warriors game
what is the exchange rate for dollars to pounds
turn on the vacuum
when did i place my order and what was the projected time it would take
send an email with the address you gave me to jean saying meet us here at eight pm
shut off the socket
todays a lovely day what the date
i need some more lights
show me the stock price for google
can you please shut up.
change the light to blue
say again.
will you speak once again please.
did you get the last thing said correctly?
please post this picture on facebook
what's the stock price of this
where is the event venue
start play spider
start robo vac
i am sorry but that's not the correct response.
can you recommend some dog's how events going on in our city
what important dates are there in my calendar this month
order a latte from starbucks
show me the newest podcasts
order chinese for delivery
check my facebook for notifications
please remove the appointment which i have made with mrjim
could you tell me what time it is
whatever will be fine.
please delete this file
i like jazz
what is the time difference between central and eastern
change light colour to yellow
how long will it take me to drive to work today
i like this song
please lower the lights
can you put on the next i heart music radio show
hey can you please make me a creamy coffee
what is the capital of china
book an uber for me
play real racing three game
yes right.
can you look up train ticket prices for me
let's do math
add a tab to the shopping list
olly can you cancel please.
who was in the beatles
locate nearby dining places
get local events
please turn off any lights that are still on
what is the time difference between new york and lagos
reserve a seat for me on the train march twentieth
overhead lights on please
breaking news fox news
games
set alarm for this event reminder repeating for ten times
after this song play atmosphere
how many shares of apple can i get for
should i bring warm clothes
let's do it again please.
do i need boots today
tweet consumer service that the goods are of low quality
update work out list with new items
play for me jazz music
resume mind reading book
i can't hear just increase the volume
cancel everything on my calendar
whats a silly joke you know
call me an uber to the movie theater
hmm, i did not ask for this response.
add new item
please play trivial pursuit with me
please add an email for john doe to my contacts johndoe@yahoo dot com
how much longer until my pizza will be here
whats the definition of indignation
can you confirm instruction.
get me the number for local taxi service
it was not clear.
will you check and confirm my last command.
i'd like you to confirm that please.
find me new comments from my facebook
locate me the amazon restaurants
how many numbers are saved for alex
siri what is one american dollar in japanese yen
smart plug socket off please
hips dont lie thats the song i would like you to play for me
mute volume now
please remind me about the event later five pm
play the time machine by h g wells
what is the sensex and nifty points for today
put working out on my calendar for eight am every day this week
check facebook and twitter and tell me if anything interesting is happening
rate five
order six chicken tacos from chipotle
does pf changs accept takeout orders
write a tweet of complaint about my tv to samsung
what do you think was the best decade
please play songs i've purchased and favorited
check all the new them emails and mark them star
compose email
give me the shopping list
open a reply message
what is the stock price for lexmark
meeting this friday
switch off the plug point
is chase doing good
Play best friends by yelawolf
friend updates
let's play a game together
any local news stories for my home city
you are my hero, appreciated.
i need the recipe for hot cross buns
jokes
show traffic
anything will be good with me, olly.
hmm, i think incorrect answer.
where do people shop for clothes here
google stock symbol
directions to nearest apple store
find if takeaway possible in restaurant pizzahouse
read my list to me
i want to start war and peace where i left off
divide seventy six in two parts
do not really bother.
play radio ninety five point five
tell me what is on my schedule for today
can you make me some coffee
let me hear my list
could you please further elaborate me about what you have just said.
what's the latest news on donald trump
please turn off all the lights in my house
start a new email to george brown
i would not bother, olly.
find me a recipe for carrot soup
speaker volume decrease
please start the coffee pot
volume louder please
did you get the detail correctly?
tell me my list names
how many emails today
set alarm for eight am
tell me about city traffic
olly will you please shut off.
define a phrase blue sky research
can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week
give me the alarm times for the next two days
please add list of things to buy for party
open spotify and play list five
don't mind.
remove the event from monday
vacuum the floor
sorry but it was not the correct response.
please remove a list
what is the current weather conditions in chicago illinois
skip to next episode
tell me what is on my calendar for tomorrow
what's my next events
automobiles
turn the lights down in the living room
thanks for doing that.
yeap you've understood the answer right.
olly that is all, cancel.
list new
how many lists do i have
tell me the top stories in the news
it's useful,, olly.
whats needed to make pizza
pause the book
are there any events going on in milan
what is jeff's number
does charley's steakhouse deliver
what time do i have my alarm set for tomorrow
can you turn on the vacuum
solve the calculation
remove alarm
start the poker game
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for march twenty five
down the volume
s2, i was unclear about your response.
open cnn app
most rated delivery options for chinese food
power off the current
make a taxi booking in uber
lower the lights in the living room
it's dark in here
where is the nearest restaurant here
shall we play a game
what is the current rate of euro to us dollars
what is a canadian dollar worth in the us
do not wake me up on weekends
please share up to the minute details on sprint
how does the dollar compare to the pound
hey what is the definition of recipe
that is good.
put a seven pm meeting time down for march fourteenth
dim the lights a bit
please define forensic
what is the time in india when the time in us is twelve pm
respond back to the mail
inform about best circus near me
can i go outing without any raincoat
what alarms do you have set
play random radio station
please activate my vacuum cleaner
have i gotten any new emails
show conversion rate of u. s. d. and euro
give me recent emails
change my light color to blue and please turn off the kitchen light
check the weather app to see if
describe the empire state building
you understood command perfectly.
bring up twitter to target customer service
play stuff you should know
look up information on mount rushmore
send tweet to wallmart
how do i set the timer on my coffee machine
go to setting
how many hook ups had richard feynman
what is the price of starbuck's stock
how many dollars are in a euro
tweet that there was an insect in the chocolate packet
i like you check and confirm last thing i said please.
change the music mode to rock
how would you describe a tennis ball
mute yourself until five pm
is it true that susan's birthday is on march first
what time does the train from new york come in
got the answer exactly.
would you tell me what i said one more time again.
is my reminder alarm set for dance class
put the current song on repeat
lower the lighting
can you give me details on john
play music by taylor swift
is the road a free way or a toll road
i would like to pickup a veggie sub with a cookie from subway
can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area
when is boy band playing
send a complaint to my boss
do not get this.
add valia's wedding the next saturday at eight o clock
can you look up and add john's old email to my contacts again
please confirm my last question.
searching on holidays in my location
can you feel
it has a meaning of rhythm
tell me my latest email
book me a train ticket to new york city on the third i don't care what time
please set a reminder for church services on sundays for eleven am
uhh no, i did not say this.
tweet to mcdonalds saying that i found a hair in their burger
would you shut off please.
what does the analysts say about the new immigration policies
i do not get the last sentence.
good response to the command.
brighten living room lights
check if any alarm is there after five am
will it be nice at the beach on friday
dim all interior lights
if idle then turn off else turn on
show news of migration
detail for stock price
show me the best podcast of folk songs having good rating and play it
you can send the email to abc@gmail dot com this is my new email address
shit, it isn't what i was searching for.
i would like to play tetris
i want a lower light
do i need pants
tell me the simple interest of seven with interest in two year
when is my order arriving
turn off my wemo plug
you didn't get it correctly.
let me know the latest weather news
what is the meaning of the word sanctimonious
please make me nice coffee
Define perpetual
latest news update
give me current information about traffic at central park road
open the weather app
that's useful, thank you very much.
generate fresh list
please stop talking
yeah great response to command.
update on email
remove eric name
define flabbergasted
where do cows come from
reset alarm
i want to play the audiobook good grief
repeat song
tell me when it is five pm
how many pounds would i get for dollars
yes good response to command.
compile information on the data breach
olly can you please shut up.
will you replay please.
no, i think that's not the right response.
open saga
can you turn it up a little
report the time in miami
can you confirm what just said please.
find me a taxi
i would talk to you later on.
find weather report
what's going on on wall street this week
turn off the alarm for tomorrow morning
doesn't really matter with me.
route to melbourne
how much is the dollar verus the pound
decrease the volume to ten percent
please solve this math
could you list out the information on book fairs in washington dc for next week
how is the traffic near me
what are the train times from san francisco to new york
it was good one, thank you very much.
which film the music comes from what is the name of the music
play a podcast about latest yoga videos
wake me up at five thirty
turn up the lights please
can you please book train tickets for two for this friday
how far away is the nearest rest stop
yes you've understood that right.
hey what is the definition of survey
can you show me the popular posts from facebook today
get me to my friends list
select shuffle all
set the coffee maker to on
is it going to rain today in san diego
want to play a game
i want to listen to the new sam harris episode
i like red colour for my home change it
yeap the command was exact.
please adjust the speakers to a lower more comfortable level
how much is amazon stock
please say what you've just said once again.
i finished my to do list
make the bedroom lights red and the hall lights normal color please
please make me a cup of coffee
turn up the volume on the music
cook some coffees
clean the flat
tell me what happens when we die
mobile shop
tell me which catering packages are available
i wouldn't know.
alarm settings
resume the last kingdom for me
schedule an alarm to wake me up after three hours
give me directions for the place
have no idea regarding to which to select.
that's all, stop.
what is twelve plus one hundred and ninety six
lighter shade on the lights please
turn on this socket
play music from where you left off
i like you confirm my last command please.
tell me about the meetings over a period of time
please remind to sleep at nine pm
get me a car
play purple haze
yeap perfect.
i want a train ticket to edinburgh
can you set an alarm for me
how many millilitres is two table spoons
play my video game news podcast starting where i left off
is the meeting scheduled for tomorrow
show me my reminders
hey tell me a knock knock joke
you've understood my instructions exactly.
i would like to hear the last one spoken again.
please play back some important points summary
i need to hear what you've said again.
what is the weather for this week
order two large pizzas and pieces of hot wings from dominoes
tune into the joe rogan show in ten minutes
what is a good place for cruise
would you please confirm that.
that does not really matter with me, olly.
remove my four am alarm
shut off the lights
what is the current song called
olly would you please shut off.
do i need a sweater today
search for the best spagetti recipe
remove a list of accessories purchase last week
remove last played song
start my playlist on i heart radio
call china king chinese restaurant
give me a company for playing football
turn off the lights in the bathroom
love me some brad paisley
open pandora and play top hits
actually what is the life style of sahara desert
i hate how long the traffic jams get
please book a taxi for me
bring up papa pear saga
please open blokus game i would like to play with you
turn the room light off
hey does open sesame do take out
what type of cheese do i need for my enchiladas
let me know the recipe for preparing pasta
how many bones does a human body have
create a new list
what highly rated movies are playing this weekend
tell me the exchange rate of ten dollar to euro
from dollar to euro
remove six am alarm of whole week for future
downloads management
brighten the light of hall
i'm looking for some dress shows can you find clothing stores within one mile
is hayden still living on turnpike lane
what time will it be locally at nine am bangalore india time
do you have a joke
check emails
when and where is june's birthday party
i like the songs of yeshudas please play it
tell me a good joke
open songs by prince
where i can find a bakery
take me to tnagar
let me know if anything happens on that subject
what alarm do i have set for today
skip to the next episode of this podcast
how slow is traffic on the five
read me new post on my feed
my set alarms
i'd like you to turn turn on the tv
put my brother's birthday in my calendar for july fourth
Show me articles about the new iphone eight
hmm, you gave me not correct information.
please create a new contact information about jo
will you explain me about the last sentence further please.
show me music by that artist
add chives to my shopping list
reply to the latest email
add cereal to my shopping list
are there any new emails from robert jones
how old is christie brinkley
tweet complaint to dominoes
show me latest notifications
turn on socket
bring back talking after
i need a train ticket traveling to new york in may
please tell me the current date
play my motivational playlist
thank you so much, olly.
yeap correct response to the command.
please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to new york
latest news on traffic at my current location
please book train ticket to new york
i want to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmadabad
that must be some mistakes.
too loud
turn up speakers
tell me the stock rate of hyundai
play next episode on podcast
buy a train ticket to
start playing fm ninety six point five when it is one pm
lets play pinball
are you real
are there any good pizza places around here
what is weather today
how are the top ten stocks at the moment
will i be able to get away with shorts today
start playing the hobbit
customer service complaint tweet the following
who is the artist of this song
turn my bedroom lights off
create a new list for school supplies
just book for me a lyft taxi to bardonia
power off wemo plug socket
order takeout pizza from domino's for seven pm
what events are happening in los angeles
check to see if pizza hut has my order on the way
order me chinese food
how is the weather down in orange tx
what's on the list
are there any new emails in outlook
please give me detail of one yen equals dollar
dim the lights
it was wonderful.
please wake me up at seven thirty am
you are smart.
turn the left light off
please add a new email in my contacts from sara
send an email to juanpedro@gmail dot com
are you aware this joke
is there any traffic
what are you doing
book train best deal
can we turn up the lights
is my order at domino's ready
what price are google stocks trading for
what is the biggest blockbuster this week
tweet my complaint on targets customer service
please go to amtrak dot com to purchase tickets
s1, can you further clarify me on it.
turn up the brightness of the lights
explain it further please.
what's the current exchange rate for the euro against u. s. d.
where seth lives
i can't see anything
that's enough, just cancel.
delete my dr k appointment in march
play green day
go to email compile
nope, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
delete that item from my list
what's going on facebook
set notification from world news
the music of this song is very melodious and relaxing
please switch on my wemo plug socket
yeah get that correcly.
i cup of joe would be nice right now
may i know what is trending in facebook
anything else left on the list
i need a taxi for tomorrow at seven pm to the arena
post a tweet as follows very bad follow up by abc company not satisfied in my account
vacuum the living room carpet
i need the lights raised can you do that
have you heard any good jokes lately
date and time
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
could you speak one more again please.
did tracy update her facebook status today
please remove dinner date scheduled for this friday at nine pm
what times do the trains run between here and the met
do not care.
when did pop it like it's hot come out
continue playing my audiobook
what is four plus four
is traffic light
enter silence mode
that was cool, i appreciate it.
would you stop please.
please will you confirm command.
add sam@gmail dot com to my contacts list
explain photosynthesis
hi olly post my last clicked photo on facebook with title marry christmas
get me the latest on current events going on in the world
give a last minute update on incoming emails please
google find and play florida georgia line the one with nelly
make the socket available for me
when is the train coming
do i need a rain coat today
tweet the president and tell him he's doing a horrible job
please turn off the smart socket
what bands are playing close by
what's happening in world news today
i would like orange lights now
tell me the time
set to silent for five minutes
change the lights to blue
prepare my coffee
what restaurants around here have good reviews
dollar rate at present
shuffle music by aaron carter
switch light to lowest level in dining area
is the pound up or down against the dollar
can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
what's jesse's birthday
add to calendar an medical appointment for the first day of the next five months
order travel ticket
increase the volume to fifty
please make a coffee
can you check and confirm details.
i want to have a new playlist of songs
please add an item in my calendar
weather in chicago please
cancel my alarm for tomorrow morning
read out my shopping list for today
fast road to get home
what is the stock price of sensex right now
how many yen for each dollar
please add list of friends to invite for the party
please will you try again.
what song is currently playing
Is it going to be windy on Saturday in denver
set an alarm for two hours from now
book a ticket to ny by train
turn on spotify shuffle
please would you replay your last phrase said.
mute the audio
can you create a new list
have the roomba run the living room
what day of the week is the twenty second march
give me charles telephone number
please tell me about our country latitude and longitude
open my amazon music app and play my playlist
add this email to my contact list
read the audiobook of war of the roses
play for me the game temple run
it was helpful, musch appreciated.
wait, this is not the right command.
get large pizza with pepperoni
who sings the song about a long black train
how do i get from where i'm at to universal in orlando florida
hockey
hows the food order going
read unchecked email
what is the time difference between india and ivory coast
could you list out the list of trains heading to chester the day after
give me time
jane doe emails
disable music player
takeaway noodles one pack
how much is twelve divided by four
give me the current time
visit metronorth dot com to help me purchase train tickets
what time are the trains going to chennai leaving
tell me current situation of traffic near central park road
how do i start the robot vacuum cleaner
turn my audio higher
keep playing secret garden
set rotating event
tell me the song that is currently playing
are there any alarms set what are they
how is president's trump office proceeding
are there any detours that i need to know about
brew me some coffee
thanks but i think you don't understand this correctly.
does it offer pick up
wake up time
let's play workout playlist
when my takeaway order will arrive
how do you describe a capabara
what's some upcoming events i might want to go to
put an alarm and wake me up at six am tomorrow morning
update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
what kind of event is happening around me
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
am i busy on Wednesday evening
what's the exchange between u. s. d. and cad
three times two equals six
name the capital of nigeria
i like rock music
what is the current stock rate of facebook
you're too loud
what is the answer to this math question
yeap you have done answer exactly.
remove chores from my to do list
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
book for me an uber taxi to bardonia
order me the fish risotto from the golden fork
play the next show on podcast
resume playing the current audiobook
start over the book legacy
add dan's email
please search for this word
is there an alarm for ten am
how is the traffic in san francisco over the bay bridge
is my alarm set
hello can you give the contact details for a particular service centre
can you please confirm what said.
make my collection mostly pop with a good bit of psychedelia
is there more traffic in canal street
search events and meetups for central park west
turn coffee maker on
what is traffic
show me the demographic growth rate of switzerland in the last ten years
remove my morning alarm
please put in an order from red thai fpr this evening
please turn down the lights in the living room
clean the sofa with the vacuum cleaner
remember this music
what time does the train departs lagos
clear this list
play fault in our stars on audible
turn all lights on
how does a cheetah look
remove dinner with mike from my calendar
give me the list of circus shows going on in the city right now
what time can i pick up my food
no lights
play for me the game cricket
a joke please
can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing
speak the last words one more time please.
brew coffee at noon
book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
can you find an animal joke for me
would you confirm last thing i said please.
what is the cooking time for mashed potatoes
wake me at seven am
which song is this
switch on the radio and play hello fm station
i need a uber to my current location
light up the lights in the kitchen
whatever would be ok to me.
turn on the lights
please find the radio station currently playing howard stern
when is the school dance junction marked
i think you did a task all wrong.
go near vacuum cleaner
the song in background is cool
that song is my favorite
can you tell me about my meetings next week
tell what is the value of sin thirty
can you put on the giver
what movie do you recommend tonight
the definition of life
fetch me two train tickets for the earliest train to paris
read about mary s.
s1, please explain further on your words to me.
will you put on the music
please let me know the morning alarm time for weekdays
can i get takeaway from pings
remember to remind me about client meet at four pm
what is the stock price of amazon
what's happened in the news recently
resume audiobook playback
what's new on my facebook account
do i have new likes
remind me to order more soap
what is the current traffic situation
book train ticket for this time
search the contact
have i gotten any emails lately
when will my alarm go off in the morning
repeat song number ten from main list
Please turn off shuffle setting
current status of take out order
play my rock station on pandora
can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow
please add note to this file good tune
please would you repeat what you've said.
olly can you shut off.
i would not mind, olly.
talk quieter please
can you please disregard the party that i will be going to this weekend on my calendar
alarm set
please check the exchange rates of the us dollar vs the euro
uhh no, that isn't what i was looking for.
schedule dinner with sara and jamie
can you change the light colors in the house
you've done that right thank you very much.
start cleaning floors
wouldn't really care.
no lunch date tomorrow
confirm my alarm settings
please explain space
i do not know.
does that restaurant allow take out orders
what's my next scheduled alarm
i am unclear about your response.
local theater screening which movie
find out if the restaurant does takeaway orders
find food and order
resume the last played audiobook
puzzles and games app
i want purple lights
do i have banana in my shopping list
can you play my music file
what's the address for alex
what clothes store would you recommend here
i want a coffee now
turn off the light in the kitchen
please give me the traffic report for this afternoon
get us spaghetti from pizza hut
please turn on the lights in my house
switch off the plug socket
hey what time is it in london now
thank you very much for that information.
send an email to bill that i'm sorry i didn't realize he was so sick
order me a bowl from chipotle takeout
can i get a train ticket to chicago for next saturday around noon
uh what does the current date happen to be
tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty one is
i'd like you check my last question please.
yeap that's correct.
how bad is the traffic on sunset boulevard
how long until my takeaway
i love kfi so much he's by far my favorite
how is the traffic around city center
where is a nearby park where i can go running
can you play file
could you get me some coffee
make me laugh i want to hear a joke
please start me some coffee
how much did facebook stock increase last night
give me the headline news
set event on recurring
send an email to dad about the weather for the week
do not mind.
doesn't matter with me.
is summer going on
bring up a complaint form
turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
move buying eggs item to trash from to do list
olly please can you cancel.
can you boil the kettle
please remove this alarm
do you know of any good free knitting patterns
how can i go from boston to new york by train
s2, last sentence was not clear.
what is the definition of problematic
order chinese from china spring wonton soup and a small beef and broccoli
silently adjust
switch the lights to off
what does the traffic look like headed to la
show me the alarms i set
search for the latest news about iphone
play the song get happy by ella fitzgeral
decrease the volume to ten
new exchange rate
create a new list called grocery store please
please reset that.
let me know the alarm time
any free events in la today
will you have the vacuum start cleaning
what is the value of the yen right now
a cup of coffee please
please make sure your command was correct because it doesn't sound right.
initiate cleaning process
resume joes book from where i left off last time
cancel my seven am alarm
let national grid know the power is out again
raise lights
what's his number
do i have a meeting today
whats happening in football today
please turn off the lights in the kitchen
raise the volume to fifty
please book me a taxi uber
is there bad traffic on the highway right now
do i have a home number for shelly
set notification for news on the stock market
turn on hall lights
tell me something funny
look at my email
show me nearest theatre
how far is it from tokyo to dallas
please let me know about topic elections
what is the exchange rate of us dollar today for rupee
turn off lights of kitchen
add this email address to my contacts and send an email to
can you turn my bedroom lights off
olly can you shut down.
what was that one more time.
am i going to need a jacket tomorrow
book a first class ticket in the next train to miami
please put radio in shuffle
set a wake up call for ten am
forward this one
what is the plan for tonight
tell me the area code for jen k
hey today i was fired from my job
increase the volume to max please
i am in need of a taxi right now
new reminder at three pm
show me concerts in sacramento
that doesn't really matter.
find me info on cars
how would the volkswagen golf car look like
decrease brightness of lights
confirm last thing said please.
email my friend about our plans tonight
define the moon for me
may i know the about alarm you set
when will you do my laundry
how bad is the traffic near the airport
check and confirm my last question please.
lower the volume please
olly that's all, just stop.
play tonic
set my alarm for twelve pm
create a list for the following
play the next episode of adele's podcast
get me the local train timing to destination cstm
play neil sedaka
what's on your mind today
erase all events
please say the following on facebook
am i on vacation this week
order one pizza from pizza hut
what is the nearest theatre that plays the new vin diesel movie
how much long until northern rail arrives at kings cross station
what song in the theme song for frasier
what color is the sky
i couldn't hear you repeat that louder
does restaurant has home delivery
please post so bored to facebook
give me the train time
call sarah
tell me a joke about birds
explain me further on what you have said please.
book a local cab
remove the alarm set for ten pm
book an uber for one hour from now
how much traffic is there right now in bowery street
what is the time in china
it's useful, thank you.
cancel my three pm alarm
i want to order some takeout food
what news updates are there from news express
please remove apples from my grocery list
please empty my calendar
switch from blue to yellow lights
wouldn't mind for any one.
i did not quite catch that.
please remind me for the function at miami tomorrow
has mike sent me an email
can you please check the last thing i said.
clean my entire calendar
alarm for ten am
turn lights in the room off
turn on one oh seven point five
olly set my alarm to go off in an hour
yeap you have got my instructions correcly.
that is of no importance for me, olly.
place order of one pizza
status of take away
that's not the right answer.
this song was very good
can you direct me to the menu for the highest rated chinese carryout near me
would you like to play a game
has it been a busy day
i could not understand this.
have you come across any new recipes
make me a wake up alarm for eight forty five am
will you please check it.
could you calculate five plus five
please check what said.
what is the stock information of walmart
my new work schedule list
play for me the music by the beatles
what times may i travel to location a
that is enough.
find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
i need a high volume
please tell me a joke that i'll think is funny
create a new list of my due bills
do i have any appointments scheduled for march twenty four two thousand and seventeen
lower the speak volume
brew my coffee
i would like my to tell me the trend on foreign exchange rates
reduce the light power
exact.
i want to play a game
you've got me incorrectly.
what music is playing right now
email alice to let her know we are on the way
good food
you are chatbot
cnn headlines
save my song preferences on playlist
what is my list
cut off the bathroom lights
start the robot vacuum cleaner
today wore me out
please play a podcast
make me a capuccino
lights off bathroom
please tell me it once again.
what is the status of my order
are there dog shows going on near new york city
whats a new sci fi movie
did mark post anything new on facebook
do not make any noise until morning alarm
any upcoming events
did i set my house alarm
turn the wemo off
make the bedroom lights light blue
can you call an uber for me
yes you've done command exactly.
play my usher radio station
latest events
what happens on the fourth of july
are there any unread emails from patrick
play games
we need milk
ten percentages of hundred
tweet kohls about the cleanliness of their store
that is all.
book for me a train ticket to washingdon dc
turn off smart lamp in den
add event to date
open the radio app
i want the music to be saved can you do it for me
twelve am removed
book a ticket for me on a train to get to boston tomorrow what is available
add that song to my top ten favorites list
please lower the speaker volume
olly please just cancel.
do i have any events scheduled today
turn the speakers down to five percent
start radio play
what are my alarms
when is the next train arriving to union station from grand central station
book me a taxi to leith in half an hour
i would like to hear the theme song to this is us
lets play chess together
are you sure its going to rain tomorrow
convert ten inches to centimeters
what is the headline from today's morning local news
turn room lights off now
where can i use this word
have i gotten any emails from mom lately
this is not what i requested.
you have done a wrong thing.
where can i get something to eat by the art museum
where is the closest spot to order food for pickup
resume the audiobook i listened to last
please turn on my wemo plug socket
do i have any thing going on at five
get me resume of newest release audio book
anything new on social media
i want you to go to hot one hundred and five on the radio
olly please will you shut off.
which song is this one
please dim the lights
update the calendar with the last event removed
i need an email to be sent to comcastcom about my service issues
please tell me a shop where i can find books to buy
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for twenty third march
when is my takeaway going to get here
go back to animal farm
entertainment news
show me some food court nearest to my location
i want blue lighting
erase my next event
can you turn off the smart socket
add grocery shopping to today's to do list
what is on the agenda for the four pm meeting with joe
respond to mom's mail message about the recipe site
fantastic response.
tweet complaint to american eagle customer service
check for this mail in my contact if not then add it
play from my last session of joes book
what list did i make today
open up tetris
remove the latest alarm
jump to next podcast
remind me about calendar
get news from bbc
time to hear me some blake shelton
whats the time in denver
what is the departure time for the next train leaving new york city
too private
tell me updates
what was last sent to me in my social media feed
please lower music volume
what is the time train coming from sacramento
set up a train ticket for next week Friday
play solitaire with me
i would like some coffee now
turn off living room lights
increase volume by two levels
did i make a shopping list
book a train ticket for me
Song next please
restaurant order status
how long should i cook a steak to be medium
it is great one, thank you.
how many likes does my status from yesterday have
book a taxi to airport for me in the evening
exchange u. s. d. to g. b. p.
change the opacity of the color
have any suggestions for local italian food
do you know math
tell me what lists i have
oops, you're wrong.
where is the closer starbucks
please open chess game i would like to play with you
Put milk on my shopping list
i didn't catch that.
book me a uber for tomorrow night at six pm
what did the clinic say about my exams
let me know about any alarms set today
how is my inbox looking at the moment
light off living room
how do you activate the robot vacuum cleaner
compose an email to parisa
order a pizza from pizza express
nope, i did not say it.
book ola for airport today evening
sorry but it is not correct.
whats the weather now
you are hero, appreciated.
save my contacts
when is my next appointment with dr smith
cancel the alarm at four am ten pm
what's the song title
please replay your last statement.
i think this was not the correct answer.
you've done it correctly thanks, olly.
play r and b
change the colours please
i can't see let's make it brighter
post a facebook status update
do i have any new facebook notifications
what color is a dragon fruit
quiet
show me the time
video games
turn off kitchen light
call a uber in thirty minutes
cancel future event from place i worked
add sugar to my shopping list
remove wake up calls for this week
play the radio for me
please send a voice mail to mr richard office about meting him on first of february twenty seventeen at five pm
play favorites listed in podcasts starting with first one
what temperature should a baked chicken be
call me an uber for right now
whatever is good with me, olly.
i had a long hard day
do i have anything lists made for christmas shopping
reduce brightness
resume war and peace
i do not really care.
where is kansas located
put the song sung by shreya at the top
listening song of arijit singh post it on my facebook account
turn off my smart plug in thirty minutes
please set the vacuum to start going now
i like you to check it please.
is there an alarm at four am
find and order rasgulla of janta sweet home pvt ltd
tell me today's direction
are there any traffic issues
what's the recipe for fish soup
what is three hundred and four plus one
show unread new emails
what rihanna is doing
call raju phone number
by switch off
book a train ticket on the five hundred and two in fifteen minutes
delete this from list
are there any events going on close by
what do i have scheduled for next week
delete my six am alarm
tell me the singer of this track
about reality in world
let's try what you said one more time again please.
i think you didn't understand me.
when is my next appointment and who do i contact to reschedule
check what just said please.
let's play never have i ever
please tell me my alarms
when is jacob's birthday
up the brightness on these lights
turn on new smart socket
i've got a meeting by tonight seven pm please mute the music for an hour
change the time in this location to ist
search for gluten free menus
what is the current central time
excellent work, you've done well.
what song is playing
what asian restaurants nearby offer to go food
who is the song playing by
i do have a to do list for today don't i
what is the best mexican restaurant in seattle
please train
show todays events in ny
where can i shop around here
horoscope
find all the contacts named john
can you deleted the current event
s1, will you please further explain me about what you said.
uhh no, i think you've done this incorrectly.
add eggs to my grocery's shopping list
make a reservation for two at olive garden
search cost for amtrak luxury to los angeles
can you please play the next episode of food stuff
restart american gods
wake me up at six thirty
what shops are near me
read me some more deadly death killers
change light colour to blue
clear my nine am alarms
shut the lights off in my bedroom please
play next on podcast
what can i cook with broccoli and chicken
what is the current date today
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with my request.
what clothing shops are close to my current location
dammit, that's not what i meant.
what are the scores from last night's hockey games
is the restaurant having delivery facility
i wanna laugh can you make it happen
what events are this week
can you change the colour to red
do i have any alarms set for tomorrow
i need a taxi at eight tomorrow morning to take me to work
what are the lyrics to this song playing
could you tell me it once again please.
olly would you shut off please.
find the meaning of promise
do you want to play monopoly with me
find me a ride to the mall of america please
yes that's amazing.
could you confirm what i just said please.
new york time please
find a taxi service close to me
find stock price for name
what is the latest action movie running in theaters
please open a reply to the email
please would you confirm detail.
skip this one
what is the exchange rate between the us dollar and the aus dollar
go to email and send message to
what a wonderful song can you save what i just said for me
show the list that are available with numbers
blanket definition
s2, i didn't catch up with you.
give me an update on the election in one hour
funny story
olly that is enough, just stop it.
my games to play in my phones
find the recipe for sambar in cookingforu application
turn off my room lights
send response i will be there
enable smart socket
oops, you're not correct.
check and tell me the address of my friend alex
would you please check my last command.
how to make cheesecake
can i see the previous episode
The latest climate and weather news
raise all the lights on
i have to done it on the post important music file
did i put toothpaste on my pick up list
turn on vacuum cleaner
delete appointment at time
compose a new email to ray
date today
please rectify the command.
can you say what you have said one more again.
how is the traffic on I twenty five
what time is it in karachi right now
create a repeating event on mondays at seven pm
open td ameritrade
please book a ticket form jaipur to mumbai on tuesday
remove my eight pm alarm and set it to seven pm
do i have any new emails from dan
clarify further on that to me please.
change channel to one hundred and three
email friend
order chinese food
how cold is today
what's my next alarm
how me the highest weather this week
is my schedule full for tomorrow from eight am to two pm
i do not really mind, olly.
can you contact samsung and say my washer is on fire
i would like to hear that information spoken again.
olly will you shut off.
this is one of the best songs for me
will I need a raincoat when I go to glasgow on sunday
please set alarm at five pm
do i have an alarm set for today
make a pot of strong coffee
please read out all the alarms that are set
how old is rihanna
where is tuesday's morning meeting
it's a bit dark increase lighting
what's the latest on stock market
i want to listen daily to this song
could you shut down.
erase that item from my list
events today
when does the closest bar close
lower the lights in bedroom two
does this restaurant only do carryout
brighten my bedroom light
show me painting exhibition in bay area
tell how vegetable is cooked
post a new status on facebook saying that i am enjoying the nice weather
I love the eternal voice of the singer she is my favourite
let's try it again.
these lights are too bright please lower them
hey order a side of hot wings with my previous order
can you notify the event in my calendar
what music do i prefer
delete the list created yesterday
how is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas today
ensure i have to get up at six in morning
i would like you cancel it.
do they have takeout
that's wrong.
you have done task all wrong.
play led zeppelin houses of the holy
do i have alarms set for today
tell me once more please.
what's happening in news express
what is the funniest joke ever
does peking garden do orders online
how much later is new york than la
can you please order some food for me
post that i am going to woodland shoe store
myspace
how do you solve three two
book me a taxi to the mall of america please
cut the lights off
what bands are playing in town this weekend
send email to daddy i'll be going to the birthday party
current news cnn
currency to currency rate
loop this track
send this email to reply to the latest emails
how soon can we expect rain
pull up all emails sent to me from amazon
book swan resume
i would like to hear your last the procedure said again.
mute speakers
what is a cookie recipe
what are my plans for today
turn speaker volume down
would you do it again please.
repeat alarm
how is the traffic on third street
did you get it correctly?
can i get takeout from pf changs
how would you describe the sun
do i have any emails from robert
create a playing teams and play with them
erase shopping list
does pings have takeaway
s1, again explain to me please.
do you want to play solitaire
what is the current date time group
didn't understand your answers.
can you turn off my desk lamp
add rebecca green to my list of favorite contacts
how strong is the dollar compared to the peso
set reminder for tomorrow for this item
i'd like to hear the last things spoke again.
kickball is over i do not need the alarm for kickball on wednesday evening any longer
erase item please from my list
are there any accidents on the four hundred and five
go silent until three pm
please tweet the following to radisson hotels customer service
is there a well rated pizza place between fourteenth and eighteenth streets
please darken the lights
add new email address
can you read me my lists
fresh list
what temperature do you bake a potato
when is the yearly cultural event coming up
search for a train ticket to newcastle
list local ongoing exhibitions
how much is one serving of broccoli
what is home town weather
please add the meeting with ms boland on wednesday eight hundred am to my calendar
period the light should be in dim
i don't understand this question but what's it like in there
play me the new podcast from npr
let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please
create a list of books to be ordered
call pizza hut and find out if my order is ready
my party list
replay the musics
how many degrees is it in orange tx right now
will the pizza be here soon
don't really know.
do i have an alarm set for morning flight
what's playing at brea plaza five
post this to my facebook lol
please unmute yourself
could you confirm my last instruction please.
clear all events from march seven
what activities are taking place in my area
disable all alarms set for today
anything is good to me.
what are the events taking place in new york today
give me the name of all the shops in my area
show me share price of facebook
tell me the exchange rate for the yen
i want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
what is the traffic now
can i make back home without a traffic jam
please do not speak
can you elaborate me on your answers again.
i would like you to check and confirm my last command please.
what does settle mean
turn off my smart plug socket
can you speak a little louder
tell me the date when this song was recorded
what is in my favorites music folder
can you delete all events from my calendar
please could you tell me if george's geek restaurant can i order takeaway from there
remind me everyday at two pm for lunch
what does a grapefruit look like
set on second january about soccer match of manchester
please answer jean's email
what is today's weather forecast
is it going to rain in the next few days in tucson
disable my three pm alarm
what events do i have scheduled today
start robot vacuum
am i free on sunday day
please tell me what a crankshaft is
who wrote the song that is playing
are there any alarms going off today
let me know when the next cold front is expected
the twenty second is on what day of the week
what is the story of the movie titanic
play podcast one
play me harry potter from the place i last stopped listening on
what are all the lists i have available
can you please make a coffee
will it be rainy tomorrow
is there any traffic downtown right now
i'm in the mood to order takeaway
give me the stock price of intel
tell me that one more time please.
send a test email to
play country music
list to do
what open lists do i have
could you fix me some coffee
wine shop
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
who has sent me an email in the past week
can you turn off the living room lights
turn lights off in kitchen
add wine to list
i want the light switched off can you do it for me
is the data prefers any problems in objects
social info
please look up best recipes
schedule pizza takeout for seven pm
let me hear that podcast
lists i have
how long until we get to chicago
can you turn down the volume please and tell me what is the title of this song
how many pages long is harry potter
notify me an hour before my two pm appointment at the car dealership
set an alarm for eight am
show me the answer for this problem two hundred and forty six plus six hundred and fifty four
would you please turn on the am radio
what date is my anniversary
what are the vietnamese restaurants in the area
google what is the temperature outside
turn off the dining room
the song playing now is released by which artist
what alarms i have set
what's the best way to cook pasta
look for a taxi to go home
order a large plain pizza from mimo's for me
turn the vacuum on
i need you to start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
find me my dad's email address
where can i find a good taco truck in los angles
search for a good nerd joke
save my music preferences
buy me a ticket to take the train to atlanta
can you make me a cup of coffee
is jimmie's party on friday cancelled
what playlist is on shuffle
please mute the television for one hour
podcast next episode
you are so helpful, thank you so much, olly.
remove alarm of seven thirty am on monday
confirm the alarm time
is it snowing in seattle
what is traffic to work now
how much is an euro worth
it was good job, i appreciate it, olly.
check my email
add this email to a new contact
would you check my last command.
what can i do for fun under dollars around me
save this email in my contact for future use
name the lists available
that wasn't it.
convert eight thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. five thirty
what do you think i should have for breakfast
check and confirm last thing said please.
show me events nearby
how many cm make one foot
search and play a radio station with news
show me the available colours of lights
switch off the lights
train times to glasgow
call me at six am
lower audio
order food
it's awfully dark here
Has @realdonaldtrump posted anything new on twitter
tweet for me the complaint about drainage choke up
find me a podcast on wrestling
hello beef up the volume a little bit
tag this song with five stars
shift the light off
please start joe rogan podcast please
make coffee for me
how the list of upcoming events
please turn the lights brighter
please make me a coffee using the coffee machine
i do not really mind for whatever.
i feel like playing chess can you play that
who is the singer
make it brighter in here
shut down the plug
look up the meaning of logic
is bills house number in my contacts
go back
where is yellowstone park
mute the volume
place order for a chicken manchow soup from wangs kitchen restaurant
give me some lavender toned light
get rid of the five pm alarm
i am need my hat today
can you please change the time zone to us
show u. s. d. currency value of euro
yeap right.
what is twenty percent of one hundred and twenty
are there any backups on route eighty today
will trump visit russia anytime soon
remind me at six thirty pm
that is enough, just cancel it.
i need two pizzas stat
stop, you didn't instruction the request right.
what kind of lists do i have saved
can you please create a list for me
i like you confirm details please.
is starbucks stock up or down from last quarter
make coffee at three
company coming over turn on the vacuum cleaner right now
let's hear some indie rock okay
tweet something for me
can you tell me the price of google stock
is alex saved in my contacts list
Where is miami
i fancy some coffee now
My weekly plan
has anything happened to mass effect
check in a taxi for booking
schedule meeting with laura
put on a pot of coffee
anything will be okay with me.
inform about latest scheduled events near my location
please play forward episode in quantico
will it snow next week
i want to listen to classical music
open some cools jokes
do i have any off days this week
which teams are playing this weekend
can you please book a train ticket for next saturday to boston
would you please check that.
decrease twenty percent
how far is orlando from my house
tvs stock price
i need to book a taxi
i would like to order takeaway
have remainder of the program to listen
hey olly tell my today's top news
recommend pub in eighth and monte diablo
i appreciate it, that's amazing.
is the road clear in florida
which alarms do i have
give me a traffic update
clear the dust and then on the cleaner
greg wants black coffee can you make one
can you tell me how to measure my shoe size
tell me a dirty joke
is there takeaway at papa john's
mute your android phone when you arrive at work
my all time favorite song is something like this from chainsmokers
make the lights a different color
how much is indian rupee going against us dollar
remove the sms recipient which have initials s
yeap you've understood it correcly.
turn on the robot vacuum
find updates from vicki's facebook from mardi gras day
resume story
i need the exchange rate for the us dollar and the euro
turn the lights on
tune into the nearest english fm station
lets play
doesn't matter with me, olly.
order me a byron from deliveroo
remove my alarm for tomorrow morning
i like a song sing by arijit singh
send an email and save the contact information for samuelwaters@hotmail dot com
turn_down speakers
you are so helpful, thank you so much.
would you shut up please.
please tweet about the problem i m facing with the product of company
uber
add jpearsonjessica@gmail dot com to email contacts
how to make chicken tikka
please clean my calendar
thanks, it's perfect, olly.
put an order in for two pizzas from dominoes
i think i ran out of this can you add it to my list
this item should be removed from list
that's amazing, thanks, olly.
enable my plug
would you try the last one spoken one more time again please.
make the lights brighter
i would like to order some takeout
continue pride and prejudice
tell me weather forecast
delete the list
on february fourteenth make dinner reservations at the restaurant
please order me pizza and wings from papa johns now
give me a description of iron fist on netflix
play bbc radio
is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
turn off the light
resume the playback of zanes se chronicles
who sung this
book me a train ticket to newcastle
find me a recipe of spaghetti
olly i want you just stop it.
tell me when the next alarms are for
what should i make for dinner
what events are happening today
add this one also
remove all alarms if any
please explain again to me.
schedule an alarm for next weeks dentist appointment
is the sun gonna shine in devon this weekend
i like r n b
olly can you stop it.
please will you shut off.
olly could you please shut up.
what are my available lists
did i get an email from sarah
turn off my wifi
i like you check it please.
uhh no, i did not say that.
erase next calendar event
list all the alarms
well done,.
do you know actor surya
i want to order some food
search for local shops
can you again clarify what you've said please.
check and confirm the details please.
initiate the robot vacuum cleaner
add apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contact list
do i need to pick up the kids from anything today
book for me a train ticket to new york
do i have a busy day today
start podcast from my favorites list
what can i do in berlin
what is your mother language
please tell me news related to the stock market
send a complaint to sony about this tv that quit working
please further rephrase it.
can you turn my bathroom lights off
appreciated, that is great job.
do i need to wear a coat today
the meaning of life
is keith richards dead
mute for one hour
what the singer meant by the title of the song bohemian rhapsody
please increase the light of table lamp
blue lights please
define god
move to next episode
joke me
create new contact with email
please turn off right side of light
convert one euros to us dollars
thanks but i think you did not get the answer correctly.
could you again elaborate me on your answers please.
please save my rating on this song it is five stars please
make an alarm for the meeting with bob at seven today
read me the last tweet from the washington post
give me a geographic fact about vilnius
what will be the highest temperature this week
when is the next train to philadelphia
take it in hand
clean the floor
what's on my list to do today
what are all my lists please
put the news on bbc
do coffee
yeap you've understood my instructions perfectly.
disable my okug
what part of the world is the safest
what's june's address nowadays
get me a uber
are there any shopping centers nearby
sorry but you have messed up the command.
turn on vacuum
please start the vacuum
what is the current time in lagos nigeria
where can i book a train ticket to oregon
i would like to mute the speakers please
would you please check and confirm it.
does chinese deliver
put out the lights
what is going on around me
tell me whats on the web
what were the first number of email subjects i got today
mute audio
recommend me a restaurant in west chester
rate u. s. d. to g. b. p.
how many sides are on a pentagon
play news in fm
refresh the inbox and update about any unread mails
august fifteenth is what day of the week
delete meeting
can you turn up the volume
turn on the smart plug
delete my meeting for tomorrow
tell company their service is bad
olly schedule a news update for tomorrow morning at seven am
please could you replay.
make the speaker volume on maximum
whats ten percent off forty dollars
do i need to wear sunscreen today
dammit, it isn't what i am looking for.
activate coffee machine
have i received any emails from beth
what is laptop
tell me that once again.
domino's delivery status
closest chipotle
i'd like a coffee now
book me the cheapest train ticket to new york
any signs of rain
what is the current day month and year
yeap good response.
get rid of my eight am alarm
turn on living room radio
what is the us dollar and euro exchange rate
get rid of peas
that's all, just stop.
what's on the grocery list
find ny train time
train ticket please
use facebook to post
now playing
add event baseball practice five pm tonight
i want to hear a joke
please see if the restaurant chili's has delivery as an option
book an uber to pick me up outside of long island bar right now
what is the current stock price of rolls royce
have you responded my phone calls
what does this stitch long sleeved shirt look like
does arby's do takeaway
please explain me more on what you've just said.
are there any updates on facebook
kenny roger's lady play
lower the light level in my house
check emails from gary for last hour
what is the climate here today
show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
send a mail to whom to talk
i need some coffee made
light up
today's local events
are there new emails for me
what was the date when the plum street temple in cincinnati ohio was built
tell them that their lines were too long
what's the exchange rate between czk and euro
call vikki
cross out bread from shopping list
make my iroomba clean the living room
tell me if five hundred and forty is subtracted seven time by twenty eight
list the latest apple stock prices
please turn on all the outdoor lights
it's too bright in here can you turn a light off
what is the cheapest ticket available next week for a round trip three day trip to iceland
play song over the rainbow
do not mind to choose any one.
change my music player volume to eighty percent
do you know how to answer this math question
delete my groceries list
this doesn't really matter to me.
play the circle
list me the stock of apple right now
is today march sixth
rise volume
turn up the volume of my speakers
please tell me what is the definition of cylinder
change the lights into green
give me recipes
please play this playback on audiobook
make a list of camera photos
save this channel on pandora please
can you find me a street fair in the neighborhood
rj raunak programme play on ninety two point seven fm
yeap fantastic.
can you tell me what twenty five percent of two thousand one hundred is
how about you save this music
remind me of my twelve oclock meeting by eleven thirty
it was cool, i appreciate it.
do i need to spare washing my car today
what is the exchange rate between us and canada
set the time
please hold for the next hour
lights to fifty percent
please clear my calendar
do you know any jokes
what is on this specific list
search for your favorite meal
what day is it today
what events are in me area
what's the latest news from xinhua
what is the traffic like
tell me the artist of this song
what's the best pizza shop nearby
find me a bar in cleveland open until two am
grocery list add eggs
when is the next train to glasgow from aberdeen
what does joke mean
set a continuous alarm without the option to snooze for seven am please
send a reply to mike with the answer four hundred and thirty from his email he sent this morning
that was not what i meant.
show me a video on cooking fried chicken
dont do that again.
go back to the midnight series
whats happening in ny
please can you confirm details.
that's not what i just said.
play what i am by edie brickel
what time is alarm set for
tell me the traffic condition from here to home
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
can you delete the not so important events
please tweet a complaint about slow service at applebee's
do i have a new email from sandy
i want to read yahoo news
make a coffee for me
how do i get the answer to two plus two
list all emails with subject contract
what was the stock price for google yesterday
training day
when i get home can you please order a pizza
define and describe an ultraviolet ray
brighten the lights
please unmute the settings
speakers off
remove the list of person starting from letter m in my contact list
can you make dinner for me
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and inr
yeap get that right.
include meeting in the list
what is name of the song currently playing
what did happen today
start my favourite podcast
call a taxi to pick me up at work
can you find me a train ticket to montauk
what are my newest emails
what is the current traffic
start the gilmore guys
set the mood please
open music player settings
remove the fundraiser for dolphines in april
convert g. m. t. to ist
tweet complaint to consumer service
i want some coffee
let's play a game how about tic tac toe
turn lights off in living room
please turn up the screen brightness all the way
tell me the current dollar ratio for the us and canada
i want to see the previous episode
make the living room blue
recipe for spaghetti
is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
mute the settings
check someone's recent emails
what am i doing today
what is job title of jan medvesek
can you give me the newest phone number for bobby mcgee
what is open late in la
remind me at the start of each month
what is the square root of four
start the satellite music feed
i need the times for the south bound train on allison rd
let's play space invaders
recommend songs based on my playlist
is there any alarm after five am
get city cab here to airport
any good movies
traffic
is the largest ocean in the world the pacific
reshuffle and play music
what is this music called
how many dollars are there in a g. b. p.
read out my list for today
divide two hundred by four
does the nearby pizza hut deliver in my area
set wake up Thursday seven am
please book the next taxi
switch wemo plug socket off
how many jokes do you know
please turn on repeat all
how far away is the sun
tweet a complaint to apple about my iphone seven
call an uberpool to get me at long island bar
remove my shopping list
remove all my engagements from calendar for tomorrow
change lights from red to blue
is there any chinese places in benton ar
move forward ten minutes in this podcast
freezing
remove next meeting today in my calendar
what are my top played podcasts
it was not the correct response.
brighten the lights please
do i have new emails from john
tell me how to cook pasta
start my jazz playlist
remove cheese from my list
i need more milk
find radio
program coffee machine to brew coffee in two minutes
set an alarm for one pm
add detergent to the list of things i need to buy
yeah you've got my instructions right.
how far is parana river
play alex jones in radio
order a pizza
what are the latest photos on my instagram account
what are the show times of logan
please check the news on social media
hey olly inform me about latest picture updated by priya chopra on instagram
call a taxi for me to where i am currently located
i need some ambiance please
turn the lights off now
please create a new list for me
inbox this mail
cancel dentist appointment for this week
i would like to hear some good funny jokes
let me hear some music
any incoming emails in the last five minutes
turn up the sound
what is twenty three times fifty two
how long until i receive my food
is it going to snow
perfect response to command.
what's the weather forecast for today
please tune in to fm ninety five
don't let me forget tomorrow's meeting with sheila
buy a train ticket to cleveland for april fourteenth
fantastic job, you did well.
what did she just sing
can you mute when i am not home
i want the robot vacuum cleaner to start at one pm today
olly just stop.
can you say it one more time again please.
please be quiet
please turn down the lights to fifty percent in the den
what else do i have on the list
please check on the movies playing in theaters nearby
play a pop station on the radio
tell me some funny joke to laugh
could you tell me the last spoke once again.
book ticket for paris by train
what do you mean by it.
save new email addresses to my contacts
change the color of the lights to blue
i want to hear a yo mama joke
check if alarm is set for six am
what is level of traffic at washington
is there heavy traffic on the I fifteen in las vegas right now
please check the command.
i am ready to hear the next episode of podcast
give me the stock price of apple
what are some good restaurants near by
and the darkness has fallen
erase previous list
could you check instruction.
today's schedule
put hamburger on my grocery list
turn off all the lights
do i have email from my friend rachel
what's a good movie that's out right now
do you think i can wear sandals or should i wear sneakers tonight at seven pm
confirm my last command please.
tell me again.
i want you to turn off the plug socket before the cellphone is charged
add my spin class to the calendar for Saturday at seven am
order mcdonalds
i would like to hear again.
can you do me a favor my eyes are feeling strained on these lights can you please change it to a cooler tone
turn on the wemo plug socket
what movies is out there in the local cinema
s2, i didn't quite catch that.
the song makes me remember certain memories
twenty ninth march comes on what day
turn my plug on
now it's five thirty pm in india what about the time in ivory coast
ah it's awesome, olly.
awesome job, you did well.
do you have a traffic update
send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china
i want to turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
what is my eta to the office if i leave in thirty minutes
olly will you please shut down.
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
is today a sunscreen day
turn on the smart charger
yeap excellent response.
what does it look like
olly can you shut up please.
celeb news
repeat album
add car service to my list of things to do today
you have gotten that exactly.
start brewing please
you rock, thank you very much, olly.
please add an email to my contacts
that's cool,.
what chinese restaurants are in my area
who's playing this
please provide world hot news
please create a new alarm
switch off kitchen lights
please play next episode of bbc history podcast
start play
rearrange that off the list
turn up
clear my day on the twenty ninth
show me the current time
meaning of enthusiastic
play the radio music band
tell me a joke about aliens
please remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow ten in the morning
don't get this.
get coffee maker started for a fresh cup
how do you feel after hearing justin bieber's new album
what is apple's current stock price
turn up the brightness
switch on the lights
what is the square root of forty two
is black sea real
can you please confirm detail.
i would not really know, olly.
could you please tell me what time is in singapore
can you tell me what the white house is
did you change the wallpaper
what's the latest in my social media
the wemo plug should be turned off on
say some jokes
turn off all the lights in the living room and den
please raise the volume of speaker
light settings
how do i contact charles
what are meeting scheduled for today
turn wemo plug socket off
set an alarm forty minutes from now
order two hamburgers for me
is there a national holiday on fifth december
i would like a cup of coffee with one cream and three sugars
create a meeting event in my calendar
anything is okay with me.
please increase the volume
start cleaning
can you please be muted for a while
what is a work phone number of emilia
thanks but it is not correct command.
what's today date
will you send the email to greg
see see for me the alarms that you have set tomorrow morning
create event with alarm for meeting in two hours
what are the traffic conditions on the one hundred and one
create a new list by tomorrow
when is bank holiday
what is the meaning of this word
make the smart socket turn off
hello i want to turn off my wemo plug
please turn on my smart plug socket
lets play poker
please start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
make a list of numbers for me
train tickets for two people from delhi to mumbai
can you recommend good stores in this area
book me a train ticket at earliest time tomorrow
please sound an alarm three hours before a scheduled event
one thousand two hundred and thirty pm already you will have a meeting in ten mins
would you again clarify me on it.
turn up music please
delete that item
please turn the lights on
increase the light
book a taxi for me
what johncena do
please set my coffee machine to start at four pm time
how much is us dollar against rupee
what did you mean by saying it.
this is unimportant, olly.
what gun shows are in tulsa
call city cab to airport
convert one dollars to rupees
is there anything i need to know before i activate the robot vacuum cleaner
send a tweet to kroger about being overcharged for groceries
i need to leave on the five pm train to rockville
please make me coffee without sweetener
thanks, that's fantastic job, olly.
send me notice of meeting wednesday nine am
set alarm for one hour from now
please continue playing odd thomas by dean koontz
is there anything on my list today
how many euros for one u. s. d.
what genre of music is in my music folder
wemo plug socket turn on
do they deliver home
what do they have going on for festivals downtown
what's the alarm situation for tomorrow
i can't get that.
are there any news regarding our president on facebook today
cancel my eight am alarm
how long was bryan cranston on breaking bad
are there any delays in traffic today
what new messages do i have
what the conversion rate from yen to us dollars
respond to graham and let him know that i will be free tomorrow
tell me about mary s. in my contacts
remove the alarm
could you give me the exact rate for dow nifty futures
please set the lights off in the living room
queue up ymca
what music is this
i want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare
how's the weather like in beijing
set the living room lights to fifty percent
that was incorrect let's try again.
filter all arijit singh sad song and save or create playlist of sad songs of arijit singh
what is the latest from my feed
set the alarm tone
conversion between dollars and pounds
it's dirty here make some noise
is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
turn down lights
book a train ticket from baltimore maryland to new york new york
play foke
play me a game of tic tac toe
check that.
my favourite music band is queen
i would like a cup of coffee
would you check and confirm detail please.
let me know the time
can you tell me what haggis looks like
awesome work, you've done well.
i like you just cancel it.
volume down
what is the answer to two times three
post this on my facebook
what's going around in the world these days
start my most recently played podcast
i can't hear you
lower the brightness of the lights
where does john smith live and what is his phone number
save information about love of beyonc
what is the traffic today
running train status to vienna
i have ten us dollars how many canadian dollars do i have
play my first favorite song on loop
find a taxi for me
remind me about my monday meeting with peter francis fifteen minutes before the meeting
find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
i am sorry but you have messed up with my request.
olly what songs have i listened to at least ten times
thanks for reminding me.
be funny for me
how is weather on such and such day
enable wemo
delete my calendar
the joke of the day
clean my house
recent advice concerning google seo
please tell me it once more.
how do i bake a potato
start words with friends
please delete the contacts that i havent spoken to in three of months
book for me an uber taxi to carmen drive
raise volume
what genre is this
play back the last message
order a train ticket to los angeles
please clear my calendar for tomorrow
olly could you shut down.
you are my star, thank you so much, olly.
anyone for tennis
tell me about medieval war engines
wake me up at seven am
show me my latest social media activity
get a cup of coffee ready now
raise the volume to sixty
what alarms are coming up
could you speak a little more softly
delete my to do list
pick up wuthering heights where we left off
wouldn't know, olly.
who's birthdays are today on facebook
pull up my cnn app and read it to me
how do i make tuna casserole from scratch
can you check and confirm the question please.
how many pounds do sixty kg make
schedule lunch at tomo in arcata california tomorrow at noon
how warm is it in columbus ohio
solve this equation one plus one
resume harry potter from the place i have stopped listening to last time
send a tweet to tmobile for rude employees
give me the time in pst
open podcast player
change house light colors to blue
put poker face by lady gaga next in the play queue
lights off in the kitchen please
order me a cheese burger from tommy's burgers
i need you to convert nine am cst to est time
will you check and confirm that please.
turn it to frequency nine hundred and ninety seven
whats with my dinner order
tell a joke
i would like you check and confirm it please.
tell me the office address of my brother
just cancel.
what is scheduled on my calendar today
could you please lower the tone
doesn't matter.
please just cancel.
start the oven
that's helpful, thank you very much.
lets play battleship
how much is one hundred and thirty six plus three hundred and eighty seven
turn off wifi when you leave home to save power
fantastic job, you did well, olly.
save chhana mereya song in my playlist
mute yourself until i say otherwise
find out the the train arrival time and book me
ring the alarm when i get home
playback tom clancy splinter cell
i need a taxi uber
what is the highest rated movie this week
make a contrast one
please retweet this post on twitter
read available lists
what's the dollar's exchange rate with the euro
open calendar schedule event meeting
is there any new mail for me
post this pic to facebook
that is all, just cancel.
change the light to pink color
siri open twitter tweet @potus sucks
s2, i was unclear about your answers.
remind me to eat when i get home
i want to finish listening to the book one thousand nine hundred and eighty four from where i left off
book a train ticket for tomorrow going to new york
could you speak that once more.
dammit, that's not what i said.
turn on my alarm
do i have anything on the list
book an outstation cab for tomorrow
does contact mona has an email as well
play miley cyrus radio
the command is not correct.
what is a monitor
what are the train times between eight am and ten am at east chicago station going west on sunday
ah that is great one.
is it true the hanging tree really had someone hung from it
order a train ticket to boston
when it's ten pm here what time is it in brisbane
what cd is this song on
delete butterfly clips from my wish list
how do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
turn off my alarm
get me up in half an hour
book me a taxi for one pm
what is the weather update for tuesday
play new songs by barenaked ladies
shuffle song
what pubs are close
tell me what was the temperature in our city at twelve pm
olly could you please shut off.
wonderful response to command.
can you remind me to check my clothes in a hour
please will you elaborate further on last sentence.
any one will be okay with me, olly.
what did apple stock close at yesterday
what do you use to make cookies
wouldn't really mind for whatever.
open games
that's all, just cancel it.
what you have said is not so clear.
what's the answer to one plus one
please olly put on multi colored lightning in my apartment set for festival diwali
hello you have a send an email to someone
why does tom izzo look like a whiny bitch when his team plays
which new emails were received
bring up lights
remove a list please
tell me what is on the list
you gave me not correct information.
what is the status quo for traffic right now
when is dale's birthday
open audiobook
add carl's email to my contact
you are awesome, thanks.
send an email to grandma saying we are dropping by on saturday see you then
what pubs are close to me
please purchase me a train ticket to atlanta
any specific event in washington
please increase the volume of the music hips don't lie
is there any traffic to work
turn volume up to highest level
turn on the local radio
turn on the wemo plug socket to plug in my dongle
how high is the quality of this stone
save that song and my opinion
what will be the highest temperature in coming week
how do i set my coffee machine to make coffee
is it going to rain in seattle today
no, you gave me not correct information.
what is on my rap playlist
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti
fast me the news of academy awards
can you replay your phrase you just said.
send email to newmail@gmail dot com
call yellow cab
increase brightness by twenty percent
i need the volume to be louder
order some takeaway food
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
play cricket
describe a rotor
make vacuum cleaner start
set an alarm for four in the afternoon
get me a taxi
wait, you've understood me not right.
brightness ninety percent
how old is clint eastwood
how do you like being my assistant
how is traffic in city
delete the dog list for me
send an email for me
write an email recipient ray
power down the plug socket one
resume play on my most recent audiobook selection
turn on the vacuum cleaner
what you have said was not so clear to me.
when was justin bieber born
set the volume higher
what is the exchange rate of euro and dollar
shit, not correct response.
i want the speakers turned up high
how many hours distance is between my location and new york
list of playback of ar rahman collections
remind me off about my tomorrow meeting sharply at ten
can you please put the vacuum on
near pizza shops
add event to calendar
thank you for doing it, olly.
please search for beginners guide to cooking
repeat jazz
what does h2o stand for
power off please
how much was airtel sold for sometime back
get rid of my wake up alarm set for saturday
please play some songs for kids
angry bird
add this channel to pandora
set alarm tomorrow at six am
switch on the radio
down
when does the next train to work leave
could you please book me a taxi going to location
do i have any get togethers this week
tweet to ikea costumer service the following i'm not happy with this new klm product
tell me about the sports stadium
turn off lights in all bathrooms
snooze
will you once again rephrase me about what you just said now.
brighten lights in living room
can i order takeaway from spanish place
make the lights blue in here
if i have fifty dollars and spend twenty four how many dollars will i have left
delete that item from the list
i would like to crack jokes
please program volume settings for sixteen when i'm in the room at fourteen for when i've gone to bed
temperature this hour
find a ride to the bar
get me a taxi to the airport right now
locate the email to giant eagle and put it into my contact list
olly shut down.
what is next in my calendar
remove the milk from the shopping list
how many likes i have got on my eggless cake post on youtube
what is the time in milwaukee
dollar rate of philippiness peso
do i have any alarms set for today
tell sean i appreciate him reaching out to me
subtract sixty from two hundred and forty four
really don't mind, olly.
what is my afternoon schedule tomorrow
how much is dollars american worth in yen
tweet consumer complaint
yeap you have got my instructions perfectly.
tell me the artist name
can you get me a cup of coffee please
how do i reach sarah
please play the song games by disturbed
lets have a break for five minutes
let me listen to the latest lovett or leave it podcast
are there any status updates on cnn news facebook page
how hot is it in miami
play the radio station rock one hundred and eight
how do i get to the grocery store
please give me directions to a park near me
does paradise has takeaway
complain to philips
can you change the lights to white
hey do i have any emails from bob about the bulldog
does fongs do carry out
what year did george clooney start acting
s2, i was unclear about what you've just said.
please can i know what time will it be at six pm here in australia
please start the radio
delete last entry
change the media room lights from purple to green
what is the exchange rate as of today
play songs by adele
i want coffee from the machine
did you get the instruction correctly?
please pause yourself
post new status
what is the current exchange rate of euro to dollar
i am interested in what emotions are conveyed in grateful dead music
what will the weather be like this week
scan my inbox for any new emails from robert
please keep everything i have on this song
what are the stock prices
play the urban radio station
what are the new rock radio stations
please check if paradise does takeaway
remove the list called party time
how do i get to poughkeepsie from new york city
remove item four
it's eight at night in france what time is it in new york
change background
who sang the song that is currently playing
what is the news today in polk county florida
what's the funniest joke you know
play music for me
turn off bedroom light at nine thirty pm
replace the current light colours in the house with dark ones
olly stop please.
where can i find this song
add appointment to list
book a taxi for tomorrow morning
how much is dollar worth in persos
Speak louder please
what's that the album is current music from
increase the volume
give me the definition of formidable
play the book which i heard on some particular day
clean my calendar
what's my stock fluctuations
what is the current time in chennai
don't bother, olly.
show traffic in ohio
who is singing that song on now
play new rihanna song
add that song to my playlist
what are i. b. m.'s stock prices
show me my social media notifications
twelveth july is bola's birthday and my calendar to be updated with this date
book a ride from new york to orlando covering ten places to see
get me a ticket to boston
replay my last played podcast
please remove dallas from my travel itinerary
oh no, you did not get what i was searching for.
latest news feed from facebook
can you eat sweet potato greens raw
travel book a train ticket
once again elaborate me on that.
any one will be good to me.
silence please
what is the time in australia right now
i need to keep two toddlers busy tell me what to do
it's coffee time
get the cleaning on
send mom the following email
pleas reply to the mail of allen
if it is noon in virginia what time is it in california
yeap good.
hey i am having a bad day today what can i watch to cheer me up
confirm the question please.
system pull any traffic news for my commute
where is the closest mexican restaurant
currency converter please
can you tell me the next scheduled event
shut down please.
does pizza hut have my order ready
it is nine here what time is it in california
start the podcast i was last listening to
please describe a car
two pm set
ah that was great work.
what are the local concerts tonight
tell me the train ticket price of california to chicago
delete my dentist appointment
what are some local events
move forward to the next episode
lower lights down
that's useful, thank you so much, olly.
place an order for two pizzas from dominoes
what is the square root of thirty four
add my opinion to this song great
what is playing at the local theater right now
how is the traffic on harvard
let me laugh hearing some good joke
can you turn down the lights by twenty percent
do we add rosemary in pasta
can you tell me the phone number of me
play any pop fm channel
remind me the upcoming meeting at four am today
change the light color to white
make a calendar entry for next saturday at ten am please
can you get me news from ny times
brew coffee
yeap strongly agreed.
cancel alarm for tenth of march two thousand seventeen
try to play old nineties classic music
start a list
can you remind my next meeting with my boss one hour before it will happen
please mute the sound
calculate two multiplied by two
what does my facebook feed look like
show me all of my active alarms
play magic run after thirty min
open the list
what is the current time in california
i need a gold class ticket on train number five using my credit card
add newscast time to daily schedule
check any mail from amazon
what's going on on fb
please turn on my door lock
book a taxi uber
i need to get to bristol Friday night can you book me a ticket please
what is worth doing around here
when i will get the delivery
is adele going to go on tour
what's the latest joke
open facebook messenger
how is the traffic situation in houston street
show me the recipe for cookies
i didn't say it.
bring me the title of current music
will the restaurant deliver the order
change the time zone from washington to new york
it is of no importance to me, olly.
what's the capital of tanzania
how long untill i get home
launch game
off lights
how many kilograms is two hundred and ten pounds
switch off wemo
did you get what said correctly?
will the temperature be in the today
tell me what's trending on twitter
send email to joanne@aol dot com and add as new contact
what day of the week does the fifteenth of march fall on
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at seven am
joke please
any one is okay to me.
check currencies
delete happy dance playlist
delete the last line
get me some radio music from kamp fm
i am exhausted from work
please check my reminders
where is the nearest smoke shop
i want to listen some music play a radio station
it was amazing, olly.
can i get an order delivered from romero's
i like electronic music
alter the color of the lights at home
turn the lights down to seven
rewind the episode of podcast
tell taxi to pick me up at four pm
could you please confirm the details.
by main power off
can i get takeaway from arby's
how do i deglaze a pan
do i have any new friend requests
is my order ready for pick up now
what and who was i emailed about last week
book me a train ticket to atlanta please
check my twitter notification
order from dominos
what is jimmy johns's corporate number
can you please turn off my wemo plug
turn on my michael jackson playlist
find me a train ticket next monday to new york city
i want to clean my bedroom put the vacuum on and go to my room
set alarm to begin
please order some sushi for dinner
will you please get the coffee machine to make some coffee
lights on
what is the time at singapore when our time is five pm
start dune from where i left off
who is the president of america
turn lights to green
what is the square root of nine
get radio
book for me a train ticket to california
order a medium pizza with pepperoni and bacon on its
open uber
can you add cups to my grocery list
on my calendar are there any birthdays
can you make it a little quieter
switch off the light
you did nice job, thank you.
how do i cook rice
turn off all lights
it's quiet time
what are the top stories on cnn
i want to listen to the radio
what's the description for the alarm at eleven am
if my vacuum cleaner is not activated please activate it
give me the weather for merced at three pm
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
i want you to check what just said please.
resume play of american gods
are there any unread messages in my inbox
alarm five pm tuesday
is there any event around
can you shut up please.
currency exchange
what song am i listening to
can you please turn on npr where i am
where should i avoid this morning
base on my audiobook collection get me recommendation related audio book i should listen get and play me the resume
show me what day the thirty first is on
who is doing facebook live right now
set to mute
reply to the mail with the following content hello you
food order from grubhub
i would like you stop.
what is the weather like outside
book me a train ticket for this afternoon to chicago
forex rate of euro to u. s. d.
would you stop.
send mail to mom i am planning vacations with her next week
can you shuffle the light colors in the house
how do i make cookies
strongly agree.
can you remove that on my calendar
remove my list of contacts from work
foreign exchange rates
name stores within ten mile radius with music
open gallery post video name
what is the price of stock for gm
save the last radio stations of the last month
does john's pizza have takeaway
post the following status to facebook
why did bob dylan earn a nobel peace prize
yeap your understanding was confirmed.
the radio should play only on nine hundred and ninety nine fm
thank you, olly.
what song is playing right now
please delete this event
do i have any mail
anything will be ok with me.
open this game
activate the wemo plug socket
is the four hundred and thirty pm train running late
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and japanese yen
what is the stock value of google
what is this
i want to order some chinese food tonight what's delivering to me
start playing my most played podcast
tell me what's going on snap chat
turn wemo plug socket on
set a classic music
will you stop.
tell me the recipe to cook pav bhaji
hey order me some take out from jason's deli
stock details
what is the current time right now
get me a local restaurant
what are the estimated temperatures this afternoon
i'd like you check details please.
outside traffic status please
does not matter for me.
is soft cheese better than hard
what is happening in me area
can you place the sound on mute
i don't understand what you have said.
are there any events coming up
turn off lights in my room
you have done that perfectly.
cancel alarm for tomorrow
how do i go to athens by train
this does not matter, olly.
what are the offers in uber eats
what's the exact time we get food delivered once we place an order for food
i have no idea regarding to which to select.
volume up
if it's sunrise in stockholm what time is it in okinawa
how much is the us dollar worth in canada
please play the early franks sinatra stuff i have
has my stock increased in value
take off my alarms
could you get john's email address for me
make the room brighter
go to the list and remove item
tell me lexmark's current stock price
you rock, i appreciate it.
can you put this on facebook
turn the lights down a bit
will it be raining on thursday
show me all the shops that i can find in milan
what day is the fifteenth
tell me if taco bell delivers
can you tell me what's on the schedule for tomorrow
shut down sps
i'd like to hear the last utterance spoken again.
olly please will you shut up.
please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
play book
will play chess
any local activities you can recommend in my area
repeating event meeting on mondays
i think this is not correct command.
lets play tic tac toe
please skip two songs
please adjust the colors in my lights
put alarm at five am
what's happening near me this week
what is the traffic like now
when can i pick up my order
make an order for noodles one pack make it as takeaway order
set lights brightness higher
tag you're it
start reading book
please would you tell me one more time again.
can you remind me of sunday gym every saturday evening
look up the word snafu
tell me movies playing in oceanside tonight
turn on the geyser
please check last thing said.
it does not matter with me, olly.
check if there any new email
turn house lights off
inform me of my new emails
what time are my alarms set for
please check and tell me contact details of mongomery llc company
will the temperature be higher than forty tomorrow
which is the best place to visit in this month
i need you to have the volume louder
what's next
i want to eat some spicy thing
add new item to list
order me postmates of mcdonald
retry it please.
play the jazz station
it is of no importance, olly.
object identifier
olly can you please shut off.
if you put a velociraptor and a hippo together what would happen
please switch off on the wemo plug socket
do you recommend any movies that are currently playing in me area
what is time of indianapolis express
is india win today cricket match
what is on my to do list
please recommend a movie
add the item to a list
tell me if there are any events from three to five
you've done that right.
should i wear a hat today
switch on smart plug
fraud in weighing products
please tell me how many emails i have
prepare coffee now
which shops can i find in milan
map out a route from here to abita brew pub
what are trending topics on twitter right now
what song is playing now
it's not the correct command.
make my coffee
please elaborate once again to me.
please make the room brighter
turn off the upstairs bathroom light
delete all my appointments for today
bring up a new shopping list
reminders
that's good one.
is a peso worth more than a dollar
create a blank list
i don't like this light please show me other options
is there any program for tomorrow evening
do i have any emails from jessica
make the light in here redder
post to facebook I'm home
i'm really enjoying this song
i haven't checked my facebook yet are there any updates from my close friends
please show me a list of entertainment options in my area
s1, please explain me more on your answers.
what is the netflix stock price
i do not really care, olly.
turn the lights off please
does fongs have delivery
length of traffic
this song should be on my playlist
i asked for something else.
how do i make meal
start the radio now
add eggs to my grocery list
i will need my filter coffee in ten minutes please ask the coffee maker accordingly
i would like the recipe for baked chicken
olly i need to call my mom will you check her work number for me
tell me the current time in san paulo brazil
tell me a clean joke
what is playing at amc twenty
start robot vacuum cleaner
please update me the traffic status
appreciate your answers, olly.
whats the average temperature in mangalore for this week
do not mind to select any one.
my list please
play the song title
i don't really mind for whatever.
google uber
i want the email to be sent to my new email address abc@gmail dot com
set meeting with joanna on Saturday four pm
can you tell me the cheapest place to get ground beef
turn off the bedroom lamp
does this restaurant deliver
have a anyinput day
tell comcast their customer service is slow
i would like you to check and confirm detail please.
what is mary s.'s birthday
resume playing you are joking mr feynman
what is the time difference between pacific and central
send golden taxi to pick me up as soon as possible
set generic calendar event for next saturday at ten am
will you replay what you have said please.
why do starving people keep having kids
tell me all local events
please delete what i just typed
tell me my friends most recent update
read my lists to me
hey i'd like you to order burger
pull up the headlines please
can you play the next episode please
show me events in sacramento
what is the exchange rate for the english pound and us dollar
go and make me a coffee
i want to find some chinese food what is near me
start bbc radio
i'm sorry.
how much yens per u. s. d. today
find me the distance and direction by train to rccg in ikoyi lagos
please set an alarm clock for my next meeting with the team at three pm next friday
what time is my wakeup alarm set for
yeah right.
do not speak today
please create a list of due payment those who not received more then ten months
clear all events for this month
tell me the recipe for yellow rice
it's helpful, thank you very much.
what is on my shopping list today
set an alarm for two pm
remind me of my appointment on the fifteenth
open davinci code audiobook
show me what alarm times i've set for the week
sorry but i think you are not right.
near by super market
can you continue audiobook the circle
look for a radio station called rhythm on the frequency one
do a coffee for me please
that's nice one, thanks.
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
i need a funny joke to tell sam
how many new emails since i last checked
is there takeaway at donut junction
coffee please
tell me amd stock prices
how long will it take to drive to long beach
please check and tell me where is the location of toms new business
what a sunny day
play latest reason podcast
can we please lower the lights
hey olly chance the current light settings
plan me a holiday trip
please reply to my boss most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum
will you please check and confirm detail.
download the latest folk songs having rating of four star or above and play all without shuffle
add new email to my contacts macs@gmail dot com
what's the weather this week
it doesn't matter to me.
what is in a curry
add practice to calendar on feb four at king's park at two pm
how do i cook a pasta
replace color from light to dark
tweet on the bad service
i'd like some red lighting
please cook me a hamburger
send email new address
what's the exchange rates
set an alarm for two hours from now please
delete event for tuesday
what is time now in japan compared to usa
play the next episode of a podcast
what is the latest news about obamacare
assistant please turn the lights off
please turn the lights up
open takeout menus
turn lights blue
would you please check what i last said.
where was marlon brando born
cancel alarm
get me match highlights
remove list item
are there any meetings set for next wednesday
turn down the noise
is there a way to clear my calendar
get train ticket
olly skip two songs
would not really care, olly.
just let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
tell apple in a tweet that their batteries don't hold enough charge
i like soft rock music
i need to make a list of bills that are due
economic affairs
i am going to chinatown in half an hour book an uber for me
i want to play solitare with you
please turn off the lights
am i gonna hit traffic
what is the difference between the rate of the american dollar and the pound
Show chicken tikka recipe
please will you check and confirm it.
name the singer
what movies are playing nearby
can you play acoustic music with no commercials
i will talk to you later on.
yeap it is confirmed.
turn off lights
i want an alarm for six am everyday
please order me some takeout
hey make the house lights a different color
please tell me when i can become rich if i invested in dow stocks today and what will be the return after five years
add john@gmail dot com to contacts
what is the equivalent of one inr in zimbabwe dollars
all rccg march event is to be added to my calendar
i want to tweet a complaint on apples phone issues
please activate my coffee pot for me
yes fantastic response.
i'd like you just cancel.
please warm up coffee machine
that is all, just stop.
keep that song for when i need cheering up
s1, further rephrase me about what you just said now please.
what is two hundred divided by thirteen
begin vacuum cleaning
define alarm
play game with me
could you tell me it once again.
set up a taxi for eleven am tomorrow
i like vocals
cease operating lights
what are the titles of the lists in contacts
dim lights
sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
yeah that is correct.
how many emails do i have in the last fifteen minutes
turn the kitchen lights off
order spaghetti from spaghetti warehouse to bring home
are there any interesting events around this area
i am sorry but it's not the right answer.
i would like you check details please.
i have no idea for which to select.
ah it's amazing.
can you please buy me a train ticket
start reading fifty shades of grey from chapter four
veganism
open terry's email
hey olly tell me a joke
define love without invoking the term love
i need to edit marie jones email address to read
add ketchup to the list
olly i need the living room vacuumed can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
what kind of free activities can i do locally this week
play flappy bird
what time can i call from pennsylvania and it will be business hours in australia
do you know any joke
how many birthday's are on twenty third
brighten the lights in living room
make me smile by telling a joke
what is the best movie to watch this weekend
give me the driving directions from faripir to gurpur
alert me at three pm to goto the concert
what does the word labyrinth mean
is the last order is ready
what is the answer to one times two
resume the art of war
what time is it in london
play let me love you by ariana grande
turn off the light of my bed room please
