show conversion rate of usd and eur
Play the last radio channel.
what is computer(word)?
find exhange rate for usd to dollar
do you know how to cook risotto?
excellent job, you've done well.
set a daily meeting for 8am
Is the 10K on the calendar for July 2?
that is good.
please add the meeting with Ms. Boland on Wednesday 8:00am to my calendar
Show me my new emails.
when is john's birthday?
confirm it please.
A joke please
i would like to hear the last thing spoken again.
What is the breaking news at MSNBC?
any one will be okay with me, olly.
how many emails have i got since yesterday
Olly, i want to play some video games
I want to hear The Bob Cesca show
Alexa create a new shopping list.
Do I have any email from work?
i wouldn't know.
could you say one more time again please.
Set an alarm in an hour's time
thanks but i think you have gotten me not correct.
pull up my cnn app and read it to me
set on 2nd jan about soccer match of Manchester.
reset it please.
Show me what day the 31st is on.
What kind of free activities can i do locally this week?
define 'philosophy'
uh no, you've done in wrong manner.
What is the latest headline news from this newsource
good.
Alexa, what is computer?
please speak one more again.
Play podcast a.
change the light to pink color.
s2, what you said now is not clear to me.
Find me the name of the artist of this music
3pm meeting tomorrow. Remind me 4 hours prior to that meeting.
yes your understanding is confirmed.
nope, you gave me not correct information.
do i have a lunch on firday
Turn up volume
I got a package in the mail today.
What do I have planned today?
please will you just cancel.
Please tell me the closest convenience store to my house.
When is St. Patrick's Day?
show bbc news of migration
Setting up a food-processing business in our home has advantages and disadvantages.
What is the best pizza near me that delivers
display exchange rate of euro to Indian rupee
Would you open the email and I would like to compose a new one
Whats happening in football today?
you rock, musch appreciated, olly.
Set an alarm for 5 minutes from now.
play 987FM
What was George Eliot's first novel
What time is my Domino's order expected to arrive?
PDA do you have a traffic update?
Show me the latest email of jack
ah that was amazing job.
Olly delete my meeting for two o'clock p.m. today.
Mute yourself until 5pm.
What will be the temperature today for Miami, Florida?
i need to know where to get chicken wings in benton ar
what is Paris time ?
Shuffle and play blue playlist
Siri, open twitter, tweet @POTUS SUCKS!!!
play from favorites song no.
you've done it right i appreciate it.
Start reading book.
Add the item to the list
please check and confirm my last command.
further explain.
Send email to Robert, 'What time is dinner?'
What is the geographical significance of India ?
Send Dad an email saying how is the weather this week?
i asked for something else.
Pull up the news.
olly could you just cancel it please.
turn off the alarm
Initiate polling for new email
Cancel meeting on 4th Oct, 12 pm
Please skip two songs
explain how is USA better than other countries
Book me a train ticket to Atlanta, please.
What does a million raised to a million called?
i don't understand what you have said.
Clear my schedule for the month.
get played the latest classic music
Can you explain your speech algorthm to me?
that is confirmed.
I need to email Susan and metion
Who is Meryl Streep?
that's great one, appreciated.
start podcasts on NFL
Erase thislist
it doesn't really matter, olly.
remove all from calendar
Turn off the speakers
show johns office number
Send new email to jana dot litt at gmail dot com
PDA: Add Bill's email to my address books and lets send him a message
Set reminder for tennis game with Peter on Sunday at 4 pm
music two
Start radio, station 107.5 fm
how tall is Jobe Bryant?
How are you feeling today?
email my favourite contacts
How much Indianapolis Express will take to reach texas.
type something and post
What is the stock for X company?
any new email
start audio playback of twilight again
Please tell me whether there is a new mail from jay ?
how are you
appreciate helps.
Please turn on wemo socket
What day of the week is Thanksgiving?
PDA, can you turn off the smart socket.
PDA please search for cooking tips
Who am I meeting today?
Can you tell me about the traffic?
olly can you just stop.
change the bedroom lights to green
i would like to hear that again.
it's great one, thank you very much.
Temeperature
DID I SET MY HOUSE ALARM?
can you tell me one more again.
What US state is farthest north?
i wouldn't care.
olly you got a command wrong.
Display trains going to Antwerp after 2pm Saturday
Ennavale adi ennavale
sorry but i think you made mistake.
lets solve the puzzle
Play latest country music releases
Play the latest song of Eminem.
Please tell me who is going to win the NBA championsip
What things do I have on my morning to do list?
This article is super cool, can you share the link to facebook for me?
Set alarm at 5:00 am
What is happening in my area
Arrange the list in alphabetical order that are available
What is the title of this song?
which song is this
What unread emails do I have?
what events are happening in los angeles
What did Vogue post today.
Order a double bacon cheeseburger with bacon an white american cheese.
you have got the answer correcly.
Turn on the wemo plug socket to plug in my Dongle
play melody music in the morning time
Turn on my plug.
too loud
What time should I go for a hike?
i think you have done all incorrectly.
reset please.
don't really mind, olly.
Set a meeting with Mr Fox for Thursday at 2pm.
I want all my events deleted.
Tell me the name of my lists
Can I hear some Britney Spears?
can you confirm instruction please.
Hows it going to be today
If it is 6AM here what time is it in Tokyo?
What's the exchange rate for...
shit, you have done a task all in wrong manner.
please could you check the details.
Appointments this wednesday
Book my train ticket from Las Vegas to Los Angeles
Turn off the closet light
you've done it correctly thank you.
set a meeting on the 20th oct 10:30 am
please tell me what is the time in tokyo japan.?
Olly, erase all.
say the last spoke once more.
play britney spears crazy
Siri, what is the definition on literate?
skip to next
you did fantastic work,, olly.
i want to order som pizza
erase my current events from calendar
try what you just said one more time please.
Play music from VTV
Has Mary responded to me email yet?
Should I wear a sweater?
remove recent call list
Tell me about Michael Jackson
Did Obama really wire tap Trump's hotel?
i want to hear it again.
Show me the contents of the list
i think you have made a mistake, please rectify this.
what is the commute time to the theater
check it.
Add new email to contact
Its' what time in
where is the nearest pub in the city?
what is the story of the movie titanic
Check the weather in Kansas
make coffee for me
go to the next episode in this podcast
what are the events next week
What movie should I go see?
can you confirm what just said please.
How do I get home from here?
i am sorry but that is not the correct command.
PDA, say a funny.
Recipe for crabmeat
what do you think about future
Let's hear some country and western not from the US.
Book my 1st class AC ttrain icket from New York to San Francisco
Please send Mom an email saying that I can make it next week.
wait, you do not understand me.
Alert me at  0500 hrs
sorry i did not mean to say that.
are you smart
PDA please mark my calendar for a holiday in Cuba on April 2.
Get recipe for apple pie.
Remind me to ask an important question to my boss
what temperature do you bake a potato?
this isn't what i meant.
send email to Enalen, i'm going to send the files the next day.
PDA, tell me all known details about the tournament on March 22.
What does Rumplestiltskin mean?
thanks, that was fantastic job, olly.
Please let me know about my Birthday
Let me know if there are any new emails from eBay
Is it raining today?
Remind me about my meeting an hour before it begins.
Keep me updated on what is happening in southeast Africa currently.
where is the coldest place in the world
whai will be the highest temperature in coming week
speak one more time again please.
What do you do all day?
whatever is good to me.
What went on in the world today?
find me the cheapest place to buy a new backpack
you did this all in wrong manner.
Get yourself muted.
What part of the world is the safest
Where is Los Angeles?
show todays reminders
When is the next train to B street?
find a taxi to book
Do I have any mail
Remind me of Sarah's birthday three days ahead of time.
this does not really matter with me.
Select the R&B playlist from the 90's please.
Tell me more about (event)
Set reminder for 7 am for the City Team Meeting.
please can you stop it.
Start from last time on my audio book
can you speak once again.
thanks but this is not right command.
be my friend
What is happening with president Trump?
please will you rephrase your answers once again.
Is it going to rain on my birthday?
show me this week's forecast
What's the stock price of (insert)
Put pencil on a new grocery list
Get the latest news about formula one racing please.
Please give me the road forecast for I95 SB.
you are my star, appreciated.
Run the robot vacuum cleaner
i am not so clear about the last sentence.
i would like you to confirm what i said please.
Get me the news from UC web
aljazeera today news
confirm what last said please.
what are my engagements?
Hey what is the weather like today
play the radio channel 93.25
tell about latest events
rock with rock star.
Please repeat the last song
Siri, open Twitter, tweet @flooringco. your carpet seams are showing in less than a month
Please check whether the email of Jancy has come.
Turn on the socket.
Where should I avoid this morning?
Ordering food
Hey Olly, please set multiple reminders in an interval of half an hour prior to 10 am meeting
Do I need my raingear?
What's the best Italian restaurant in Atlanta?
send to 'john@gmail.com' a message 'happy new year'
you didn't interpret the request right.
The wenmo plug should be turned off/on.
I would be happy if you update me the events going on our area
Keep me updated on the election results
When is Trumps next press conference?
What is Donald Trump's new policy on immigration?
What news has happened on CNN today?
Ok Google, what price are Google stocks trading for
Remove the SMS recipient which have initials S
What's the latest on Trump's travel ban?
Vacuum living room.
I need a taxi ride now
Any new Pinterests from Linda?
Have I gotten an email from Sean?
Remove all the events and schedules.
Do you know any jokes?
Did mom text me?
find the beginning of the podcast
What are the items on my list?
shit, you have done wrong.
get me the details of lisa ann
Olly what movies are playing near me?
i think it is not correct response.
Strings and pianos, but only accoustical guitar not electric please.
DAY AFTE DAY TOMAROW WILL CONDUCT ALL MEETINGS
Turn out the lights
find me train tickets
What is the stock price of NIKE today
Does my favourite pizza place available for takeaway?
does not really matter with me.
Resume The Last Kingdom for me
check recent to do list
Hey siri start a playlist of nine inch nails
turn off lights in my room
When are the next 3 trains to Boise?
i would like to continue my audiobook
will you tell me that one more again.
Put on Radio mango
Let me know if I get a new email today.
I would like it to be able to compute answers from search results like wolfram alpha does.
I don't want any events listed on the calendar
Mute for the next hour please.
not use
Take me to T.Nagar
Cortana, open up and play music from my 'jogging' playlist?
Olly, what are some theme parks nearby?
how do i get from my house to the target along i-40
skip this one
Alexa, I want to remove the wedding function on saturday
Give me the status on my available memory.
What time can I pick up my food?
Lower the lighting
create calendar event
you've done that correctly appreciated.
cancel.
Can you pause and rewindthe audio then resume
remove list please
can you check and confirm that.
Olly, give me information on the song that's playing.
What are the news notification.
How is Apple doing in the stock market?
stop and try the last again.
let us try what i have said one more time again please.
have no idea for what to do.
Check time of 10887 train From Luni station on Tuesday
command was exact.
Play metallica on shuffle.
Send this message to Twitter.
Its dark in here, mind turning up the light intensity?
Increase volume to 50%
tell me something funny
please can you tell me what said again.
Give me updates on the situation in France
check gmail
Can you tell me my appointments for this week?
Olly call me a cab to the trainstation
Tell me about the events going on around my location
please confirm the detail.
Is Monday free after noon?
What is the exchange rate between the USA and China's currency.
i'd like you to confirm my last instruction please.
turn off garage light
what's JLO up to?
I want to hear my playlist from that artist
hmm, i think you've done it all wrongly.
Is there anything important for today?
Play the list from my favorites
Tell me what movie was the winner of last year's Academy Award for Best Picture.
do i have any mails
What does session mean
Play all songs from blue genre
Who is doing FaceBook live right now?
Play 94.5 FM.
i want to hear that word again.
Turn the lights down in the living room
Please wake me up at 8 AM.
What does
what do you mean by this.
Please arrange a train ticket for me
got your understanding perfectly.
OLLY, LET'S EMAIL SANDY
thanks but i think it was not the correct answer.
Put on the next song in 5 minutes.
Place an order for a combo platter from China Buffet.
What movies has Clancy Brown played in?
Inform me on the items on the list
Tweet comcast and tell them their service is down again.
what is a  sphere.
i have to take sunglasses in today afternoon
What's the current weather in New Jersey?
What are today's headlines?
Play current episode.
Set Reminder to go workout at the gym every Friday at 8:00 am.
audio up
it was cool, musch appreciated, olly.
Continue the last chapter of the audio book I was listening to.
How is the snow condition in Las Vegas?
delete the dentist appointment next week
miami
How long will it take me to get to Park Avenue considering current traffic?
The list contain what ?
thanks but i think it was not the correct command.
Please turn on the radio to a random station, Ally.
Whats the weather now?
Resume the reading of the French lesson.
get the beat
Can you confirm that my meeting for tomorrow has been cancelled?
is there some play can I go tonight in the city?
takeaway status
report recent emails
Can I order take out food at this time?
shit, you gave me not correct information.
why people like earthly enjoyment and forget about the ultimate joy with God?
tell me the time in Canberra
What's around me?
I want to know how many feet are in a mile?
Forward a complaint to Simran Aapa kadai about the food quality
Send email to family and tell them graduation is scheduled for 6PM on Saturday and accept or decline the calendar invite
PDA I bought cruiser tickets
s1, please clarify me more on that.
what is going on in my area today
I would like to know the meaning of word?
What is John Smith's home phone number
How are you doing?
Does Monday's meeting at 8am include Chuck Ingerman?
Loop this track.
What is on this list
Play something random from Google Play
give a pleasant sound
Any new podcasts available yet?
fix an alam
home town weather
What time is my meeting on Friday?
What lists have I created?
Are there any grocery stores nearby?
play the last played audiobook
s1, would you please elaborate me about your answers once again.
How many numbers are saved for Alex.
is today st. patricks day
start Pandora and play the Beatles
want to make the game
when was this song first recorded?
Want to wake up can u order a caffechino
Take me to the most popular post.
New gadgets.
what is the exchange rate of euro and dollar
How long is the great wall of china?
What are the most economical card to buy right now?
Make a playlist of all songs of Justin Bibber and play with shuffle.
delete my 6 am alarm
Will it rain at all this week?
suggest movies and songs that I would like, but that aren't necessarily like ones I've already said I like
Set a calendar event to repeat yearly/weekly/monthly on this date
find the most popular recipie for tacos
post on my fb account that i got engaged.
please could you try what you've said once more.
What is the name of this song playing right now
I had a bad day today.
My new health check up new list
Open up my sister's email from yesterday, click reply, and turn on voice activation for my response.
that is unimportant for me.
I want to hear any songs that got grammys this year
How bad is traffic this morning?
Tell me what subterranean means.
Do I have banana in my shopping list
Please tell me about upcoming alarms.
please try your last sentence you said once again.
Is Barrow, Alaska above freezing during the year?
s2, i do not catch up with you.
uh no, you gave me not right information.
Do I have any new emails?
Change the light color the red
Tell me what's happening on Instagram
I need the volume to be quieter
meeting reminder
This fact sheet provides considerations for how to set up your food-processing business.
please set alarm at 5 pm
PDA, what happened in Beirut this morning?
All emails received between 10pm and 9am is to be replied to.
Am I scheduled to meet Fred in my calendar?
can you tell me what kind of show can I go tonight in Miami?
Please add deodorant to my shopping list.
Start playing music.
what time zone is arizona
Olly I would like to know about Jane's party.
tell me it once more.
Schedule a reminder on 15th march and input name as meeting
what is the name of the singer?
where is contry x
To do list
show shops around second street
Please convert 9 AM CST to EST time
Present time in New York
PDA post a status using the latest notes I made in my notepad.
I need to start a list called...
how to calculate trigonametry
how long is it from dalls to san antonio by train?
tell me about the list.
Please Check all new email of Income Tax Department.
Check most current emails
Play the radio band with sports commentary
solve the calculation.
What does the list contain
send mail x@x.org
is the pound up or down against the dollar?
it's helpful, thanks.
Who's current music's author?
Can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approx. 10 mins. from now?
I don't want eggs
Do I have any free days this week?
Shazam
If you mix a velociraptor and a hippo together, what would happen?
Please keepo everything I have on this song.
PDA, tell me the weather for this week.
Please turn off wemo socket.
Please tell me a joke that I'll think is funny.
What is the name of that song?
olly would you shut up.
Mail my friend.
Alexa, play music relating to the music I listened to this morning.
dammit, wrong response.
it seems like olly's command is incorrect.
is it going to snow this week PDA?
Play some rock music
would you replay that things you said please.
Can you tell me the exchange rate for Canadian currency
PDA name: can you play my favorite music
Open the local news app.
Increase the volume of the left speaker by 10
I haven't been hearing any King Crimson - please add their first 7 albums.
list all the events being held in the vicinity.
how the weather today
Next play Justin Bieber's Sorry.
PDA, Do you love me?
Please proceed to the next available rock song
Can you tell me what a grommet is?
Turn off my wemo plug socket now.
How many text messages has John  Smith sent me in the last 12 months?
Please clear my calendar for tomorrow.
Change the color of my lights to something random.
Could you speak louder?
olly call a uber in 30 minutes
Who is my meeting with?
do not really care, olly.
What's happening today?
I'd like a coffee now
Play last song i downloaded
In which field does that person excel in .
What is the current temperature in Miami
need geographic information about X
Olly, hit me up with some exciting events in the Bay Area.
Did I get an email about a job offer?
Start a cup of coffee for me.
Find me all music for classical music.
Erase that from my calendar
Please open go fish game and play it with me.
Can you explain the meaning behind the abrupt end of the HBO show The Sopranos?
will you please check and confirm detail.
it does not matter with me, olly.
sorry but you've got me incorrect.
Delete all events and tasks for today.
fantastic response to command.
who was john dillinger
How hilly is it in Sacramento?
Continue pride and Prejudice.
i would not really care, olly.
i think you don't get answer right.
i am happy
Find the nearest Taxi
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
I hate how long the traffic jams get
Has Wendy posted on FaceBook?
Cortana, what is the time in London right now?
Please start the coffee pot
i helped a poor needy today, Olly
could you check and confirm the detail please.
Open Stocks
thanks but that's not the correct response.
Can you activate the vacuum to clean the house?
What purpose the event been scheduled for
Can you substitute baking soda for baking powder?
read me the headlines from Detroit News
Set a reminder for my meeting at 5:00pm
Give me the stock price of Apple
you did fantastic job, thank you so much.
Play Planetside 2.
Olly put on be warned by tech n9ne
s2, i was not clear about your answer.
When is the first weekday of the month?
Remove next Monday's meeting
could you elaborate more on it please.
open the XYZ news app
Just play 93.7 FM
Set a event for the evening
Turn off the lights in my room
Can you email Mary and let her know I am on my way?
I want it to be able to tell me statistics about things it's done for me, like how often I've eaten out this month.
For how much is HP selling for?
remove birthday party
Olly, what does 'snafu' mean?
Ok Google, give me the time in Sydney, Australia
What appointments or meetings do I have coming up for this week.
Tell me if an earthquake happens in the world
i finished my to do list
appreciate your response.
Alexa, remove dinner with Mike from my calendar.
when is my next meeting with Joe
Olly I went to Walmart today
you did not give the correct information that i asked for.
Play Superstitions by R.L. Stine
Let me know when Casey emails me.
Play station gx in the radio
once again please.
Please explain the plot of movie titanic
give US president's election news
Let me know the latest weather news
Cortana, what events are happening near me?
Mary's contact number
How long until my takeaway.
how many words does it know
Please check your calendar, i have done somethings
Hey Olly, what time does the 4 train leave the station?
oh no, thanks.
send email to my wife
hey Olly, I happened to miss one of my important meetings today
Send an email to john asking him what time works for the meeting
what day of the month is it?
What's a broiler?
Tell me if anything important is happening on social media today.
yeap the command was amazing.
you have done that right thank you so much.
Play next song.
Define keyboard
it doesn't really matter for me.
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
Never, ever play me any country.
Can they provide takeaway?
What's the definition of diverse?
Set Yoga to a repeating event every monday
Olly play a good track from my favourite jazz player
Hey Google, tell me what alarms are set for me.
you have done command correcly.
Change light color
schedule
play only My list
select information you want
blot me the dentist appointment on Tuesday 21 March 2017
Where in DC is that meeting at 1PM on Friday?
Bring the lights down a bit
check and confirm what just said please.
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct answer.
Did I get new emails from Sarah?
When was Angelina Jolie born
What's happened in the news recently?
How long will it take to get home?
Mobile device explanation.
Remove my dinner event for Monday.
i would like you check and confirm last thing said please.
Can you message back Jean via e-mail.
How do I get to the grocery store?
Is this week trash pickup week?
Let's play Checkers.
it's incorrect.
Could you please turn on the plug?
Cancel my event on June 19th
Tell me about the height of mount everest.
please can you confirm it.
Who should I expect to be at the meeting today?
well done, i appreciate it.
Currency rate of indian rupee and singpore doller
Freezing
How would you describe a tennis ball?
Play my downloaded music
Want to have vibrant colours
Should I put on a jacket when I go outside today?
current date time
Can I change this light to orange?
Did I email Tom on the subject of gun control?
Are there any new emails from today?
Volume up.
Please find me a country music station.
set reminder at
thanks but i think this was not the correct command.
would you please check and confirm what i last said.
i'd like to hear the last spoken again.
Get rid of all my events.
you have done that perfectly.
make some noise
please modify that command.
this is not the correct answer.
I want to hear Play That Funky Music.
Make my calendar empty
post this message in facebook
Please see see for me the alarms that you have set Sunday morning.
Any dangerous weather today?
olly i would like you just cancel it.
That's a good song
What is the definition of word?
keep reading
Tell me what happens when we die.
get command exactly.
I want the smart socket off now.
I've cancelled the order placed at McD, did it go through?
you have done it right appreciated, olly.
Locate a recipe for thai fried rice
Echo, play the Barney theme song.
Give me the top-rated movie in my area
i think you made mistake, please change this.
show stock of goog
Deleting calendar events
yeah it's exact.
would you shut down.
how far is US from india
Find turkey meatball recipe.
Can cats eat fish?
Remind me at 6 about the meeting at 7
find me info on
why do people think?
Can we talk about sex?
Show me the big bang theory?
Eliminate the list KICKBALL, but make sure the contacts remain.
Open and play music from jazz genre
Can you play rock music for the next hour?
cancel my XXX plan now
musch appreciated, olly.
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR YEN TO USD
i would like you to check the detail please.
Call Domino's Pizza
please could you tell me again.
What movies are playing nearby?
what's the time in australia
Did anybody post on Facebook today?
Please update me the traffic status
Are there are any delays on my commute?
how do i roll sushi
PDA, Book a taxi/Uber
Please tell me what's on the list
write an email to my family saying I love you all
Play the radio band with documentary
PDA, can you tweet a complaint to the furniture store customer service?
i did not say this.
Hey, I want to know about your inception
Please darken the lights.
What is the definition for this object
remind me about tomorrows lunch meeting at 1
s1, please explain me further on what you just said.
I want to play blackjack.
can you please put on music
that is not so clear.
Is it snowing in Seattle?
show me the 7-day forcast for home please
I really ska music.
Please relocate all dates to the trash
PDA set to silent for 5 minutes
PDA, please add this to my calender
How may jokes do you know?
Set a meeting between myself and John at 2pm tomorrow.
What time is it in Beijing
god
Send the email to Jill that is saved in my drafts folder.
When I want it to take down notes
can you speak one more again.
Hey Olly, what time is it in Ocho Rios, Jamaica?
How big is the Tower of London?
Find and Order handi paneer in pavitra.
List out my upcoming events?
remind me for tomorrow meeting
Make an order for Noodles 1 pack. make it as takeaway order
read me new messages from NAME
where are my takeaway order?
Player who play a game
Can you upload my latest selfie in my facebook account?
Could you please send and email to my friend Susie letting her know I won't be at church tomorrow?
best restaurant in local area
Tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
Replay my last played podcast.
abolish a specific calender event
Please don't shuffle songs in music player just playing continuously.
how was the weather this week
Is today a sunscreen day?
Echo who won the last 5 NCAA men's basketball tournament?
What is status of current weather.
Play Jingle Bells next.
turn off light
please would you tell me that once again.
who is <unk>
Define 'CPU'.
please elaborate further on that to me.
it's wonderful.
What trips are available from NYC to Poughkeepsie?
I need to talk to mom
set an event for friday
Who sent this email ?
where is the closest uber
please let us try the utterance spoke one more again.
Answer Paul's email.
Amazon stock price
PDA, post to Facebook: at the spa, yay!  With a smiley face emoticon.
please would you shut down.
What is the Dollar price in INR?
find me a train ticket next monday to new york city
How far is it from Tokyo to Dallas?
Olly, what do I have planned next?
What is the name of the best italian restuarant?
what is elvis favorite ride
Hi, What is the hot topic in facebook .
When is the third Monday of this month?
What is the exchange rate of USD to CAD
sorry but i think it's not the right response.
Play Get Happy by Ella Fitzgerald
Mark all remaining calendar events for today as cleared
you are awesome, appreciated.
don't mind to choose any one.
i appreciate helping.
i want you check my last instruction please.
Calendar event. send invite, Bill Malinda
check and confirm last thing i said please.
Skip to next podcast
Send an email to all my co workers
What the singer meant by the title of the song Bohemian Rhapsody?
attend party with Love this friday
In Jodhpur traffic level is very Low
i like you just cancel it.
Run music from this playlist
you got it correcly.
would you shut up please.
Do I have new emails from John
Did anyone win the powerball lottery yesterday?
Is Colombo on the coast of Sri Lanka?
meeting with Anna this friday
any recent emails olly
Alexa, tell me the exchange rate of 10 dollar to euro?
Give me information about the concert on Tuesday night.
Please add this song to my playlist favorites
How many seconds are left to complete this hour
what is US dollar today
Give me the age of Chuck Norris.
I want to hear some Jazz.
Confirm I have set an alarm for 6 AM
Pause/ resume
Stop/ play
turn the lights off to my room
order a pizza for me
What were the last five lists I made?
What is wake up time?
Open memo add note about my meeting
Olly, find a shop that sells beer
yeap that's correct.
Look up animal and give me the definition
what day is the 15th
How much snow has fallen in Maine since yesterday?
Read current lists.
provide me with the list of great restaurants in A
learn coding
Play good mythical morning podcast
What is 20 percent of 150
Resume jaiho song audiobook
Repeat the last message
Send invites to Mike and Jane for the 9am Saturday appointment
Set a 2 day notification before Maria's birthday please.
If I have 5USD how much is that in AUD?
What is a caftan?
what time will a movie be shown tomorrow
will you confirm the detail please.
What are the events taking place in New york today
Send Email to Bro and say Hi come down for dinner tonight
Clear the entire month of May
that is great one.
up load all my podcast
I need to know what is the date today.
yeap you have understood my instructions right.
the traffic today was the worst i've seen.
please could you check that.
i want to play the song again
what are  examples of spicy cuisines?
how many miles across is the widest part of the grand canyon alexa
that's good one, thank you.
play next reason podcast
look up the definition to ambulance
What's the news from WBC right now?
Remove a list
dim the bedroom lights to half
what the fuck please do this.
remove the list of things to do
that was amazing.
PDA name: get rid of xxxx from the list
What is the time in Paris?
donald trump
start new lady gaga playlist
Lower the speak volume
i have a meeting with Sean at 4PM on Wednesday, can you remind me?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
dammit, you've done it wrong.
When is the party this weekend?
Open pandora
off the speakers.
How are you feeling lately?
I don't need x item any more, delete it
I no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
How do you activate the robot vacuum cleaner?
do not bother, olly.
Is the weekly weather supposed to be good this week?
I want to listen to up beat music.
Control lights.  Turn off room lights.
will it be sunny on friday?
do I have free time this weekend?
Who is the singer of this song?
Show me my playlist
you've gotten answer correcly.
Which bar has the most affordable drinks near Sixth Street?
confirm my last command.
any events in my calender today
What defines a triangle?
jjj_india@yahoo.com
How much is 12 divided by 4?
play only particular singer songs
Can I order take out from Licari's ?
would you confirm my last instruction.
Play the beatles
world news
Is it going to be nice tomorrow?
Turn the room light off.
How do I add a new email to my contacts?
that is unimportant.
Which days will I be working nights in the month of March.
that's cool, thank you.
Should I go to the market day after tomorrow?
can you tell me what month it is
Show chicken tikka recipe
train ticket
Please Alexa tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic Narendra Modi
PDA please cancel my next hair cut.
Siri, what do you dream about?
Recent tech headlines
find apple on list and remove
how do I subtract 4 from 2
Don't forget about meeting Reveca todat at 6:00pm
play the song which is in movie rangoon.
no, wrong answer.
I like top 40 music
Weekly badminton classes start tomorrow and will end May 1
What is the breaking news for the day
how big is ohio
What are the upcoming reminders?
Delete all lists
play sufi songs
anything is good with me, olly.
What's up today?
PDA, show me my events.
how warm is it right now outside?
Give an entry to this list.
ah that was good one.
What is Meryl Streep famous for?
please set the lights to green
I want to hear Chopin now
PDA, how old was Madonna when her first hit came out?
could you start over please.
mute the volume.
diverge
Where is the nearest train to me?
which date is on next monday
Olly, i want to listen to 101.1 the whiz
Stop!
What time will my alarm go off today?
it was confirmed.
What is the forecast in my area today
thank you so much for help.
what is the weather in utah
what's the time in madrid
will you tell me one more time please.
start fm 109
Play it again please
Move to the next song in the list.
Book ticket to depart in the morning.
Delete Task list 1
Can you tell me the temperature for Saturday night?
Get me the details of upcoming Oscar 2017.
What kinds of clothes should I wear to the park today
s1, please explain me on your answer once again.
what do you mean.
Open Sirius app and play the classical channel
What news articles were on CNN today?
Turn the volume off.
it is useful, i appreciate it.
What is the biggest city in the world?
Reserve a seat for me on the train March 20th.
yeah you've understood my instructions right.
it was nice one, thank you very much.
Arrange a meeting with our suppliers this week end.
Set reminder in one hour for a meeting.
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT WILL BE RAINY DAY BASED ON THE WEATHER FORCAST/
i am sorry but it's not the right response.
How's the traffic downtown?
yes correcly.
Mark this song as a favorite.
excellent response to command.
Why did Bob Dylan earn a nobel peace prize?
Find Me a nice restaurant for dinner
I want to have a new playlist of 80s songs
Please play the local Latin music channel on the radio,
What's new on social media?
want to play songs depends on my mood
This song should be on my playlist
will you please explain me about this once again.
yeah got the answer exactly.
what are the concerts happening nearby?
please check and confirm what said.
Tweet something for me.
play rohan sharma podcast for me.
I don't understand this question, but...  What's it like in there?
Do I have coffee on the grocery list?
add wine to list
Play songs by the Beatles please.
I want to hear the last news form CNN
i appreciate it, that's great job.
Send an email to Peter and ask him how is he now. Can I do something to help him.
At what time is the italian cafe closed between lunch and dinner?
8 AM Manila time is what in Eastern time?
Can you make me coffee now?
explain this again to me please.
When do I have that test?
GOOGLE HOME
Are there any unread messages in my inbox?
you've done it right thank you so much.
Tell me where I should go for times
Tell me what time it is in Dallas, Texas.
Greg wants black coffee, can you make one?
Please destroy this list.
shit, you gave me incorrect information.
Any events in Delhi today?
Hello can you give the contact details for a particular service centre.
please will you further clarify me on that.
I want you to remind me about the evening program
why people who reads may not be the most courteous and well-born?
Make the wemo go on
Where is my food
Ethics
olly, find a description about a samung tv
is it anyone I knows birthday this month?
i think this is not correct command.
that is enough, just cancel.
Can you place the sound on mute?
please explain me further on your answers.
can you please shut up.
What information do we have on the data breach?
Olly, whats the capital of new york?
what is the event agenda
turn up music please
Create an event for a John's birthday
remove list
yeap that's right.
PDA is Mr Pizza on skip the dishes?
What is the best chocolate chip cookie recipe
How long are Barack and Michelle married?
olly that's all, just stop.
you did something wrong.
Echo will you look up Joe's contact information for me.
How hot is it outside today?
PLEASE PLAY THE NEWS CHANNEL SO THAT I CAN HEAR SOME NEWS?
tell about the latest world news
Set an alarm for the meeting tomorrow 30 minutes before the event starts
wouldn't mind to select any one.
Please find events in the month of March
Bring up my last playlist from Tidal
could not get your answers.
Please alert me a day before Jeff's birthday.
remind me in 50minutes
shut the lights off
uhh no, you gave me wrong information.
clear my schedule for today
dammit, not correct.
Set the time
Shuffle and Play all songs by gavenda artist
Play Firefly by Mura Masa
Food will be given at the exhibition?
Dady mummy vettil illa
Continue audiobook playback
What time does the dinner party start tonight?
When does my alarm go off?
I need coffee, Olly.
i would like you check and confirm the last thing i said please.
delete all
Convert 10 inches to centimeters.
I need a recipe that is from ingredients on my shopping list
Set an alarm for 5 o'clock o'clock this evening labelled taxi
can you please shut off.
when is the next boston redsox game
show me what I can do with fitness
the answer was good.
rephrase me about what you've said further please.
olly please can you shut up.
Book a train ticket to Charleston, West Virginia 8 AM
Olly, describe the Empire State building.
play me a recent cover of cherry bomb
get contact
set a reminder for the 23rd
Next episode please.
what time is it in denver?
tell me it one more time again please.
does not really matter for me.
Please find the recipe for meatballs
Is it going to snow today?
Echo, play 'You Are My Sunshine.'
open weather
Book Uber from my home
What are the latest international updates in the world?
Find jazz music on my playlist
When am I supposed to meet Barbara for lunch this week?
Pull up the menu for the closest Mexican restaurant?
please can you say the last comment one more time.
Can you please tell me what is the meaning of the word turnt?
I want to listen some music, play a radio station
will you please explain me more on it.
you said that wrong.
what do you know about Fringe in Edinburgh next year?
Olly, can you turn the volume up?
play previous song
olly that's enough, cancel it.
what is 24 times 24
post comment from my phone on facebook alexa
i want to hear what i've said again.
i can't get what you said now.
will you check and confirm command please.
Call Becky to get me a coffee.
Define: computer(word)
that does not really matter to me, olly.
whats a substitute for butter that is non dairy
Resume the playback of A Child Called It
Can you please put the vacuum on?
correct response to command.
i wouldn't bother, olly.
Am I going to get wet if I go outside this morning?
Show me the stock prices of Target today.
i do not get what you just said now.
olly that's all, just cancel it.
where is place?
Please let me know what's happening to my social media?
i'd like to hear it again.
What are the most recent developments on (specific topic)?
When the even was started?
Set the thermostat to 75F
Reserve a taxi
Tell me about things to do in London
Will it be nice at the beach on friday?
i think that's not the right answer.
initiate classical music.
Let's have the radio on.
start a new list
Can you please update me on my lists?
Does paradise has takeaway
What do i have on the schedule today from 12pm-2pm
I am bored, how about some small-talk
I'd like to know more about the scheduled event...
aib podcast on kashmir,start it.
Load Spotify
What is the current temperature in Austin, TX?
i like you confirm the detail please.
any one will be fine.
stop, that is not the right response.
start the coffee machine
couldn't understand what you just said now.
I want to reply to this email.
Where can I get a shot of tequila and some to-go Mexican food?
I want you to schedule a meeting with Bryce, Jessie, and Carol for tomorrow at 9 am.
What is my most recent email?
olly could you shut down please.
Delete next event on calendar
How is the current weather in California.
For the next three Sundays remind me I have yoga class at noon.
Is today going to be sunny?
Should I wear boots today?
What is the time in Perth?
Describe how a pump works
What's my to-do list for today?
Let me know when charges hit my credit card.
Who is Rihanna dating right now?
Mute the settings
Add all the event of March happening in RCCG to my calender
wake up olly
I want to understand a poem from Borges about death
Lower the volume on the speakers.
Tell me the time in London, England.
any one is good, olly.
start new smart socket
What's going on Facebook?
What lists do I have
Can you delete the next calendar event for which I was invited.
show me the programmes i have today.
Start playing FM 96.5 when it is 1.00 PM
please clarify more on your answer.
Does the robot vacuum cleaner have to be plugged in?
activate robot vacuum
Keep me up to date with today's NBA scores.
every light of room increase its intensity
search schedules for this week
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
retry what i've just said please.
wats online, PDA?
Are there any accidents on the 405?
I need to get going at 8am tomorrow. Set up an alarm 30 minutes before that.
What is the answer
How long do you cook a fifteen pound turkey?
Create a new list called Grocery Store, please.
Please play the morning show on 95.1 fm.
What is the current exchange rate with the GBP
Call China Wok.
Tell me what is on the list
How many cups in a quart?
:PDA are you alive
you did wonderful work, thank you so much, olly.
great response.
Should we expect rain this afternoon?
Echo I want to listen to my playlist will you play it now.
please play all the songs in high volume and make adjustments to pop music mode.
Could you please give me up to date news headlines from my newest provider?
Check my list
Add dates without me having to tell to, like tv schedules.
Current weather forecast?
Please change the color of the light in the bathroom
will you tell me it once more.
What's your favorite joke?
please rephrase me on your words further.
Make a repeating reminder for tomorrow
Change my alarms to Mountain time
Send email to Mom and wish her a happy birthday
Distance to local landmarks
what day today
play my bookmarked audiobook
Play what live
tweet at esurance 'you suck'
yes you've got the answer exactly.
Review all alarms.
olly will you shut up please.
How much longer on my order?
tune a radio channel for good jokes
What's happening today with _________?
i'd like you to check the details please.
Remind me today's meeting with Reveca at 6:00pm
Can you tell me more about that festival?
how much rate will be calculated
What was the upcoming event's
Play the most popular Elton John song.
please set an alarm clock for my next meeting with the team at 3 pm next friday
Will there be sunset at 5:30 pm tomorrow.
s2, could not get your answers.
Temp Oregon
Play a song
I want to clean  my bedroom, put the vacuum on and go to my room
Describe scheduled events
Please play the podcast for me.
I want to know the timings of trains going to Delhi.
what is the status of my order no?
wouldn't care, olly.
Can you turn off the lights?
What is the traffic like right now?
tell me some fresh info from daily mail
PDA delete last entry
Tell me something interesting on the message list
PDA tell me how to create a Will.
clear calendar events all
Add my doctor appointment for the 15th.
i think you've done task in wrong manner.
is fish and chips really British?
Can you find me a train ticket to Montauk?
Play Hurts like heaven
route please
Dim lights in living room
s2, i was unclear about your response.
about ckicket
What is the time in Ajmer ?
Set reminder for tomorrow for this item
Olly, is there any current news on the presidential election?
please play help
Next one please
could you further clarify me about it please.
Play my yoga playlist.
I like Justin Beibers music, please play it
Do I have any new emails in the last hour?
PDA: Reply back to Bob Smith...
I'd like news on Donald Trump.
Your volume is too high, please repeat that lower.
Stock price for GSS Energy
play me a radio channel for trance music
could you rephrase me about your response again please.
replay this mail.
command is confirmed.
Tell me about the latest environmental news.
In classical music, are there ever any singers?
Do I have free time next Tuesday to schedule a meeting?
can you tell me it one more time again.
latest news on terrorism
Create an email for my co worker with my recently saved documents.
please alert me to the time
yeah that was fantastic.
Alarm me at 8 AM.
What day of the week does July 4th fall on this year?
Play pop music.
4/2=2
Olly I want to listen to Believer.
THERE ARE MANY IMPORTANT EVENT IN THIS MONTH, NOTE DOWN THAT.
give me the list of available train tickets from A to B
turn off socket
i need to hear the last you said again.
food-processing business in your home has advantages
is angeline having a new movie this year
can you once again clarify me on that please.
remove milk from my grocery list
call the phone number
Whats happening in my day
Tell me latest updates of new york
you don't understand what i was searching for.
turn up the light
search news about a celebrity
Google set my alarm to go off in an hour.
start vaccum
Start my music playlist.
I'd like to know the latest news on <insert topic here> as it comes in
Move forward to the next episode
tell me the news about the current secenorio in chennai
Schedule meeting with Laura
What do you know about the statue of Liberty
what time is the meeting tomorrow
Set coffee maker to start at three.
Delete all mails from fgh.com
PDA, What is the weather like in MiamI Florida today?
please provide the detailed information about the next event
Show me the lastest news from the UN.
Weather forecast please.
Clean the floor, please
Address the situation
call a cab
Play Rap songs
Dim the lighting in my living room
Please play Jennifer Lopez album
Clear my activities list for today.
please would you replay your last phrase said.
Tweet @Wendys that I don't like their product
thanks but i think it's not the correct answer.
Please show me detail of prvious played song.
yes great response to the command.
reply to johns email
Please tell me where I can get a drink nearby after midnight.
Can you show me the popular posts from Facebook today?
Please brighten the lights
calc
Please book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tommorow morning.
Tell me the news about share market ups and downs.
tryout in blog sites
Please, raise the lights to max
Whats the time in Chicago?
Is it going to be sunny tomorrow?
What is the current temperature and humidity outside
please convert the time of here at 9 pm to Brasil  timezone
how long I can go to XXX
Tune in some radio
please check the incorrect command.
What are the items on this list.
How many vegetables should I eat a day?
My Facebook update in every 3 hour should be available.
ask me an arithmetic question
Sports
Make a meeting with Tom around 9am on Tuesday.
Let's play a game of Truth or Dare.
PDA, how long does it take water to boil?
Hi There, Do you offer home delivery for orders?
any one.
Cancel alarm
Play the most recent podcast for This American Life
How do I measure a liter of milk?
Please play a podcast
Play some Christian music
Tell me meaning of hurricane
Find and Order rasgulla of janta sweet home pvt Ltd
REMAIN DAY AFTER EVENTS IN CALANDER
what is the weather update for tuesday
It seems cold.
I want to hear some modern rock
Take me to more music by that artist.
What's the weather like tomorrow?
Why has politics become so polarized recently?
would you do it again please.
Tell me what shops are nearby
can you please shut down.
the description of angel
Can I plan basketball match in the evening
did i have any new email
tell joke?
Olly will it rain on Saturdy?
add the song the new playlist
Show newest emails.
Is the city  hot or cold in terms of temperature .If it is a coastal area,then is the humidity high or low.
through outlook
Notify me the day before the horse race at Santa Anita on March 7th.
list all pending reminders
What's the address for Alex
replace color from light to dark
dollar rate at present?
what is the answer to 1 times 2
confirm detail.
Reply to Robert's email of today morning.
Buy train ticket
Search for all titles for Huey Lewis and play.
It would be great to dinner in this new opened restaurant downtown
What is happening around here?
I am hungry, please contact China Wok for a number seven.
Siri, how do make a BLT?
What's it like outside?
Show me best in class theatre
Job interview preparation
it's useful, thanks.
PDA when is Jesse's birthday?
tell me the recipe to cook pav bhaji
PDA name: can you put this on facebook
Olly what is the song?
yes your understanding was confirmed.
mp3 play artist
will you check and confirm my last command.
How many emails do I have in the last 15 minutes?
loudly
For the week of the 20th delete all tutoring events.
Check emails, new
Resume a song from the audiobook by Elvis Presley
mountain x height
can you find an animal joke for me
Could you please send an email to my husband?
emails in the last 10 minutes
Movie times tonight.
Do I have a meeting this afternoon?
Shuffle the current album of songs.
what are the train schedules to New York
play greenday
Will I need sunscreen today?
Please add a 4 p.m. appointment for every Tuesday.
any upcoming events?
can you send meeting invitation to mr. Chen on next Monday 6:00pm
Please check and Repeat this song one time more.
Create an email to Toby at Tobytoday dot com
Alexa locate me the amazon restaurants
What are my available lists?
What is a stock price of TATA
will you please check the detail.
Today's news CNN
which event going to happen in local area
Give me directions for the place
What does settle mean?
I need you to start FM 89.0 radio channel
Delete the next event on my calendar so that I don't see it again.
Want to play a game with me?
Olly, please set work meeting at 12pm for every Thursday in February.
new emails from a contact
WETHER IN UK IS COLD
j
i want you cancel.
Ok Google, start KIIS FM
resume harry potter book 5
Repeat Reminder for my appointments for Christmas
how about a game of snakes and ladders?
I want the alarm set for six.
Check the status of my order
Whats new in my email inbox?
let me know when you hear about france.
Is Logan a good movie to watch?
Go to sleep
s2, your response was not so clear.
Set a reminder to call my mom at 3pm.
Remove item
doesn't matter with me.
Play love songs radio on Pandora.
Show me the records of Sachin Tendulkar?
make a list of management staff for the 20th oct meeting
What happened with it?
sunset temperature today
PDA I need to know if Mr Pizza delivers.
features of ipad air
Start a conversation with me about music
thanks for listening.
How many mountain ranges are there in the United States?
I'd like to hear folk songs from 1968
Where does my personal information get stored?
What was the temperature when I was in the park?
dammit, that's not what i said.
What should I do in San Diego?
seems like the answer you got was incorrect.
Alexa, as expected, I received a hike today, you might get update.
How many other bands will be performing at the Zach Brown concert on June 3rd?
Can you play the last podcast?
you are my star,.
What is the purpose of using you instead of searching on my own?
please let us do it again.
Show me the list of alarms
Let's play my most played song list
Turn on notification for all news on the stock market
list the  availables
well done,.
Make a grocery list, please.
what time is my doctors appointment
What time is my alarm set for?
JLO fan updates
can you be my bestfriend?
Turn (program) on xmtune
that was not so clear to me.
confirm to buy laptop
I'd like to email Mary and ask if she wanted to meet up after work at TGI Friday's.
i like you to check and confirm it please.
Please make me updated about today's scenario.
Tell me about the latest world scenario on global warming
Write a complaint tweet.
How much would it cost to buy a share of Target?
Current price of coca cola stock
today is?
it's correct.
reviews of the restaurants
What alarms will wake me up tomorrow?
define a phrase blue sky research
Send a complaint to (insert here)
your answer was not so clear.
Check for emails from my boss.
Show me the list of pending meetings.
headlines from bbc world
could you repeat that.
describe a sloth
wake me at daybreak
s2, i am not so clear about what you have just said.
Hey olly play playlist tactics from music
Download and save song of Dangal Movie
uhh no, that isn't what i am looking for.
Please update me with the list of events happening in my area
Do I have a work number for Susan?
tuesday meeting noon
tallest building
i think you did mistakes.
really i do not mind, olly.
is dinner ready yet?
Do I need a hat?
Switch off the wemo plug
How much is 1+1?
jump to next podcast
How do you define textual
list shops in second street
I want to hear rock.
I want to tweet a complaint on apples phone issues
I just love Adele! Please play my most played songs of her after this track!
Definitions
whats the weather
Open irctc application and go to book ticket
nope.
will you again explain me about the last sentence please.
Create a new folder
How will be the weather at night
Tag my tweet to provider
Use this word in a sentence
you did perfect job, thank you very much, olly.
Play repeats please
schedule a journey to Las Vegas by train
well done, musch appreciated.
We are dancing today! Can you please pull up my favorite dance tracks!
play (radio station) on (radio app)
Too Private
Who is Lenin
include MIke and jack to festival calender
please play station X on the radio.
Post to Facebook: I'm hungry
could you explain further on what you just said now to me.
Has my stock increased in value?
What is the weather like in Grand Rapids, MI?
Please add sugar to my grocery list.
What alarms do I have set for Thursday?
Remind me about the upcoming national holiday.
Plesae let me know the current time at New York
Who was the 25th president of the United States of America?
would you shut up.
add xxx on the list
What is the weather like in Seattle?
Stop powering the wemo socket.
it is great one, thank you.
Buy me a ticket to take the train to Atlanta.
Check my email for new emails during the last hour
PDA: Read back what I put on my to-do list for this week?
I want to listen to classical music
Baking times for chicken in the oven.
LAtest event in new york city
Play Coldplay album
PDA, send the email to this new email address
show me articles about the new iPhone 8
What is the song currently playing?
make a meeting with friend
yeah get answer right.
where are you from?
Any fast food meal offers
Where was Seth Rogen born?
What time have you set the alarm?
Play Adele
nope, i think you messed up with my request.
What's my latest email
'Depending on the role you are going for this will affect your answer
Check the notes app and give me details of all the lists.
Tweet my complaint to @consumer service
Switch on Radio mango
Please get the coffee machine to make me some coffee.
who are you
appreciate your helps, olly.
please will you tell me that phrase one more again.
would not really care.
What information do you capture about me?
startet
hmm, this isn't what i wanted.
Does this restaurant have takeaway?
pls change timezone to canada
Describe a tomatillo
Could you please search my new news provider for the latest news?
Brighten the lights a little bit.
i want you to check the question please.
alexa tell me AMD stock prices
please check my mails
could you please check and confirm it.
why people like to criticize others while seldom self-criticize?
what are meeting scheduled for today
Age of Brad Pitt
Send an email and save the contact information for Samuelwaters@hotmail.com
Play my R&B playlist
Olly, resume 'The Two Towers'
Go to www.metronorth.com for train tickets
tweet british airways that my last flight from Chicago to London was delayed
Olly, tell me how to get rid of the rash on my arm.
free home delivery
Please describe the new Onkyo AV receiver
Take my calendar and clear it
Shuffle and play songs from dance genre
how much did facebook stock increase last night
let me know in two hours that I have to leave for my violin lesson that's at 4pm at MusicWorkz
i was not clear about what you have said.
Where in the world is Carmen San Diego?
Can you please order some food for me?
Show me my lists
lets play pinball
Do you know the answer to the question
What time do I have down for Susan's Party?
what pubs are close
it was useful, musch appreciated, olly.
Please turn the lights off in the bathroom.
get command right.
What is the email sent by this contact read
Start playlist for podcast
canadian us exchange rate
More information on this event...
identify object
would you tell me once again.
I want to hear my favorite song from Iron Maiden
i like you stop.
mark today as the start of my diet
Just book for me a Lyft taxi to Bardonia
Alexa add grocery shopping to my to do list.
What will the weather be today?
Change the lights in my home to orange.
alexa play PDR on the AM band radio
olly, i'd like a coffee please
why is Donald Trump famous
how does the desk look
Cancel dentist appointment for this week.
send flowers to my gf
search and play workout playlist
i think you've done task wrong.
next button
Am I going to have to worry about the snowplows burying my car in the driveway Tuesday?
How many ounces are in a cup?
can you check the details.
Check if I have mail from John?
What time is it in mountain time zone?
can you please explain me more on your answer.
Book a train ticket to arrive in Cambridge by 8:30pm today
A priest walks into a bar...
Post a message to Facebook
Play chess with me
transition lights to blue to green to yellow
Tell me the weather in Miami Florida.
Tennis
TODAY IS MONDAY, IS IT ?
Play the radio station
What time is it in Honolulu?
Lower audio!
Repeat previous song.
email David about the meeting tomorrow. David, can we have the meeting in the afternoon
create a birthday wish reminder for tommorrow at 10 AM
Cortana, when is my nexy dental appointment on the calendar?
Order 1 pizza from pizza hut
PDA, explain how to set my coffee machine.
i need to hear the last spoke again.
maximum kilometer to delivery
what is my meeting at 9AM?
Was Paul Walker working on any movies besides the Fast and the Furious when he died?
What is the lowest population per square mile in Africa
What should we do as Progressives about the president?
are there any special events in my town
Add event to calendar app
awesome job, you have done well, olly.
Erase all events from my calendar
send john a mail for financial report 2017
Remove shopping list
Remind me of my 12 oclock meeting by 11:30
Look at my email
Is there a way to check if there is any new news stories to read?
Create a meeting event in my calendar.
nope, it's not what i meant.
find a ride to the bar
Whats on my list  agenda for the time being
What steps do I need to do for shrimp parmigiana?
How many eggs do I need for an omelette?
What are the specifications for the new iPhone?
What's happening in France today?
How to spell the word treble
Please submit status to facebook
What time is it in Chicago?
Olly, is there a well rated pizza place between fourteenth and eighteenth streets?
hmm, you gave me not right information.
What events do I have for tomorrow?
Can I get a train ticket to...
What highly-rated movies are playing this weekend?
hi google pls remove the dinner plan on thursday
PDA what is my next event.
tweet complain about service A
What's the weather for the entire week?
you have done that correctly appreciated.
what else is on the list
Please tell me what's on my todo list for today.
this is unimportant to me, olly.
how long do you cook it
Olly, I need to create a list of grocery items which are generally required for an outing for two days when you travel out of the city.
remind me of my meeting tomorrow at 10:00AM
PDA play this audiobook
will you just stop please.
Any traffic issues today?
Is it going to be windy today.
What is the Seattle city council doing about homelessness?
I had food as soon as I got up
Add Jane's birthday party at 123 Main St for 2PM tomorrow on my calendar
how would you tackle the following problem>>>>
Please show me a list of entertainment options in my area
please play the song 'joy to the world'
resume audiobook
What events do I have for this coming week?
that was cool, thank you so much, olly.
Please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie.
WHO WILL WIN THIS PRESIDENTAL ELECTION?
thanks to ally for the photos
When is Easter?
I want to finally read the Mars trilogy
Tell me all about hurricane
Please play some Lady Gaga.
I want to see the twitter handler of Sony
Tell me that list I wrote 2 days ago
Find the highest-rated recipe from FoodNetwork.com for a four-cheese omelette.
turn radio to 98.7
what is on nov 20
PDA: I want to know what the specials are tonight at Bob's House of Burgers. Anything with cheese?
Please show me weather on 27/03/2017
Put the gym playlist next in queue
any one will be ok for me.
Are we expecting rain Thursday?
What is the echange rate between USD and CAD
I want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
locate local pizza shops
What are Converse shoes?
Olly, add meeting with James on March 2nd at 2pm
Turn the lights on brighter
check it please.
please check what last said.
Company coming over Echo turn on the vacuum cleaner right now.
its hot today?
anything would be good with me, olly.
Ok Google, lets start FMOD
Hey Siri find music by nine inch nails
Unmute after 30mins
have no idea about what to do.
brighten the light of hall
hey siri what's the time
please tell me local events
I couldn't hear you.  Repeat that louder
How many pounds do 60 kg make?
What's Leon's email?
Create an alarm at 4 o'clock tomorrow morning.
you did great work, thank you.
I want it to remember my preferences and recommend me things based on them when I ask.
Siri, what time is it in LAs Vegas?
it's great.
When was Albert Einstein born?
flip the wemo on
Resume audiobook playback
Olly, what's my next appointment
What does two plus two equal?
How much of the earth is made up of water?
What is the week today?
Alexa, remind me daily about Inauguration Function
Is jackie chan married
Delete all evenets in calendar
info of the upcoming events
The music volume should increase to 90
What is the last day of the month?
on the radio
What's the weather going to be like?
Reserve train tickets
PDA please delete this calendar event
I would like to tell my personal digital assistant is  provide me to more information storing
what are all the event in area
olly can you just stop it please.
Is San Francisco near Berkeley?
What is the capital of Oregon?
Can you play me a rap song on the radio
Have I gotten any new emails from family/
Olly, tell me whats going on tomorrow
how can I go from Boston to New york by train?
Create a list for the following...
Please play any music created in the 1980's decade.
Facebook Launches 'Disputed' Tag To Crack Down On Fake News
give me the news update from BBC
appreciate helping.
Olly, do I have any calendar events this month?
it's wonderful, thank you very much.
What has shown up in the news recently?
weather news
thanks for that information.
you are chatbot
open my notes
cancel  the breakfast at tiffany's
please will you try again.
Convert time zone to ist
What does this word mean?
can you turn up the volume?
Delete the first aarm
Please tell me when is the marriage of mr.JIM?
Please modify my calendar with this event.
Please tune in to FM 95.
How much does stock cost in Walmart?
uh no, i think not correct response.
Map out a route from here to Abita Brew Pub
What does penultimate mean?
got it correcly.
Define what's a goalkeeper
Have I gotten any new messages since yesterday?
would you please confirm details.
you have gotten this incorrectly.
what is the date for the event scheduled on the 20th of february alexa
olly cancel.
i like you to confirm the detail please.
What are your thoughts on the difference between the philosophers Nietzche and Focault?
time for my drive home station please
get me a turkey jimmy johns sub, and set it to be delivered at 5pm tonight
it was cool, i appreciate it, olly.
Can I wear shorts out while shopping today?
I like Jazz
What I am going to do today
What is Apple's stock
Please tell me how to get to Terre Haute, IN?
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
Convert USA time in to Indian time.
what restaurant is open after midnight
Olly, can you describe to me a bike?
yes you have gotten your understanding perfectly.
Please update me on the status of the Mexico-America border wall.
Book me a flight to Mars next year
What is the temperature today
Can you turn on the demo plug socket?
Remind me in one hour about my meeting.
Call a taxi
confirm the instruction.
Details
play with me, game x
can you reset.
Hello Google!! Take me to google calendar please
no, i did not ask for this response.
Will Trump visit Russia anytime soon?
i would like you check and confirm instruction please.
please replay your last statement.
The email of office staff must be checked
Please remove that event.
Please clear out my calendar completely.
what jacket should I wear
Play me my favourite radio show.
MY CHOICE TO PLAY AN OBJECTS FROM LAST
Press play on the radio
I need you to turn off the light of my bed room
Mukkala mukka.billa
On/off mobile charger plug
Why do we continue to have Daylight Savings Time?
PDA, Can you make dinner for me?
Please play the newest podcast
MY CHOICE TO PLAY AN AUDIO FROM FIRST
Open games directory
it's helpful, thank you.
Alexa, play Over the rainbow
Show me share price of Facebook.
would you confirm that please.
latest news on cars
Have Pho #1 send 3 egg rolls.
Cortana, add something@gmail.com to my contacts.
check my laptop is working
Can you turn up the lights?
i am not clear about the last sentence.
Lower volume by 50%.
Let me hear my no. 1 favorite play list
wooo!
alexa refresh my list and tell me whats on it
What are the details of this event...
Do I have anything outstanding on any lists?
Please check episode no. 39.
Please send a complaint about my horrible experience with a company
what new emails do i have
when is the bill cycle
Play for me the music by Madonna
yes great response.
it's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
Can you make the room brighter?
stock please
alexa set a meeting event reminder with mona on tuesday
make coffee now
Show me the today's world news
Has @realDonaldTrump posted anything new on Twitter?
Tell me what is my to-do list for today.
What day does april 16th fall on?
open vacuum cleaner
Note to self:saturday 16th of March, 8:00, Valia's wedding
PDA, Turn up your volume
I wanna share that.
How much can I bleed before I die?
no, i think you've done a task all in wrong manner.
Read my list to me.
uh no, i think you don't interpret request right.
i would not mind to select any one.
Provide WSJ news
olly that is all, just stop.
What time is the work meeting?
opinion pb
What's happening in world news today
when did this song come out
Could you add this on my calender please
It is 10:00 am in Eastern Standard Time, what time it is now it Pacific Standard Time?
turn on Bob and Tom
Play music from workout playlist
Start podcast, MLB daily.
List all the events in my March Calender
s1, please once again explain to me.
i was not so clear about it.
Will it rain this week?
Alert me when registration opens
Change up the light colors at home.
could you please check that.
it is nice job, thanks.
What's the closing price of ABC
What is the most convenient hour to catch a train to York on Saturday?
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
Tell me when there is new news from my local news
clear out the problem
show me the directions to the closest starbucks
describe the current state of politics
There are anything in my list.
When is the first 70 degree day forecast?
put on the radio.
that's not what i meant.
Put on a song by Celine Dion
please would you reset.
Show me information of today's cricket match
please confirm last thing said.
i want meeting with person A today.
will you say once more please.
oh no, that was not the right answer.
Can you reserve a train ticket for this day?
open gallery post video name
How long will my order be?
What's new?
CAN TO PLAY CCN NEWS FOR ME?
What's my next alarm?
Send this reply to received email
skipe to next NYT podcast
Olly, I had chicken for lunch and it was delicious!
What's the latest news from CNN?
hmm, you do not get what i am searching for.
What is the weather in Seattle now?
PDA: Is today the 4th or the 5th?
got that exactly.
what was the first car made
Notify me with news updates on Nigeria
What time is my meeting?
how old is Emma Watson newest boyfriend?
it's great one, i appreciate it.
What events do I have today?
Send a tweet to TMobile for rude employees.
Put that on Facebook.
Play Creed from my rock playlist.
Do I have any new emails from Dan?
can you try the last one spoken once again.
Olly, lets listen to Hunt for read october
What is the name of the current song?
change status
tweet esurance and tell them they suck
Whats on your list right now?
locate address for myrtle beach state fair
Good afternoon, how are you?
can you please check what i last said.
can you just cancel please.
will you please shut up.
Olly, I would like to here Pictures next.
Did Joe leave any contact information in his email?
show unread
What do I need to remember?
Turn the left light off
i am not clear about that.
Keep the socket in off condition
Alexa, what's the topic of the news today?
how is the traffic today
Olly brew my coffee
I did not want you to send that text yet, wait until I say send.
what will be the temperature out there tomorrow?
What is the date and time for today?
Just Let me know about current traffic in Carmen Drive
When will by order from taco bell be delivered?
Alexa, Why DiCaprio is so handsome?
what about this event?
i think that's not correct answer.
great work, you did well, olly.
Can they do delivery?
what events are coming up
can you elaborate that further please.
please look in to the matter
Disable the alarm at xx:xx am/pm
Check emails for last 12 hours
please create new list
Is there anything I need to be aware of?
Increase light brightness.
Which time zone are we in? Please change to current
Give me the last news about Iphone
What high school did Halley Barry go to?
stop and try what said one more time again.
Book me a ride
thank you for your asssistance.
Olly, tell me the exchange rate between the Euro and the dollar.
Will I need an umbrella at all this week.
Bring up calendar and schedule meeting with Ri, April 1st 10AM
alexa tell me my new email
dammit, i didn't ask for that response.
please turn up the volume
what is the traffic like
What does a grapefruit look like?
please rephrase your answers again.
Please tweet a complaint to Comcast for bad customer service.
How about you save this music?
get news from fox news
I can't see, turn up the lights.
there are errors.
Tell me all the events between today and the 21st?
i could not catch up with you.
i am sorry but i think it is not the right command.
whats a good present for a girlfriend?
Play podcast for the Philadelphia Eagles content
you have done it correctly thank you so much.
Movies
Check time of 10887 train From Jodhpur station on monday
please will you check command.
Please sent this email to my friend
I want to change the color of the lights
Add event: Baseball practice, 5pm tonight
strongly agreed.
Turn off the room light.
Check unread emails.
Find me a train ticket for the next trip to Washington DC.
I want to mute the speaker
the meeting with XXX will be in 10mins
better climate
PDA please remove the appointment on April 1st.
Tell me what's happening next Thursday.
Tweet 'customer service not good for LPG service' in my Twitter account
Is my alarm set?
Who is the first president in USA?
please could you reset.
Look up contact info for the complaint line of Comcast.
retry the instruction spoke please.
I need  a Puttanesca recipe that pre dates 1970
Will it rain in Toronto next Tuesday?
Lower the brightness of the lights
I love anything by Elton John.
i'd like to hear what i've just said again.
Alert me at 2:30.
PDA please run this game
What time is it on the East Coast of the United States?
can you get me a train ticket to NYC?
nice job, you did well, olly.
wonderful work, you have done well.
What does H2O stand for?
Whats the current weather?
Dim the lights to level 2
Your recipe of steak was superb
can you check and confirm detail.
What are my appointments for 12pm to 4 pm?
it is helpful, thank you so much, olly.
PDA, How much is a dollar in rupees
Postpone my alarm by 15 mins.
hmm, you gave me incorrect information.
play classical music playlist
Play a podcast from my favorties list.
I would like it if my PDA could make money for me.
Where is Kilamanjaro?
confirm my last command please.
Please play only music of Pop mix.
Erase my grocery list.
What's Rene phone number?
please try again.
do we have 31st day on this month?
Play rock radio station
Will I need a coat this morning?
Turn off bedroom lights in 10 seconds.
Take me to a video of how to cook spaghetti.
off all the lights on the right side
check currencies
My favourite music band is Queen
say once again please.
send an email in response to this
Making very complex calculations like Jarvis
I want to listen to Be More Chill by Ned Vizzini.
check for new email
it's perfect job, musch appreciated, olly.
More volume please
any one will be ok with me, olly.
Do they deliver?
Be sure to remind me of this
Please scan the AM dial on the radio right now.
Olly, where did the first americans settle?
I don't want to hear any more songs of that type
play fork songs intamil
THIS BRINGS SOME PROBLES TO US
Is it someones birthday or anniversary today?
Please remove the following list
Read the contact number X from phone book
What is the population of New York
Resuming playing my current audio book.
one more time.
Remove wyatt's birthday party on my calendar
Please email <insert email address here>
play techno music
Turn on 107.5.
shoot an email to chris about work tomorrow
do I have any lists for the upcoming week
would you further clarify the last sentence.
Bring up my email.
Start the radio Olly.
dim the lights in the kitchen
I would like a coffee now.
kenny roger's lady play
remove all alarms if any
What is a geographic fact in this region
How are my stocks doing today?
I have a meeting tomorrow at 5pm with the development team, don't forget to remind me an hour earlier.
i don't really mind for any one.
selection of restaurants
Look for channel 106.9 and play it
I want to tweet a complaint to Target.
uh no.
link 'john@gmail.com' to 'john' in contacts
that is not what i meant.
What is a good way to make steak?
shopping
tweet with consumer service about problem I am facing with the product
What's happening with the hurricane in the gulf?
s2, i can not quite catch that.
Tweet to OLX costumer service the next, I didn't receive my order number 1176
send mail to sanantha about body exercise schedule.
Tell me about current status of Sunderland vs Liverpool match. How is the performance of Liverpool in this match?
get status changed in social media
Where is Leah Remini from?
What is up in my schedule today?
could you tell me it once more please.
could you please hire me a taxi to go to the opera tonight?
Please say to the email that sent me George, i need the money now. Its urgent
Current time and date please
Set calendar info for albert's marriage
What will the weather be like this week?
dammit, you've done task in wrong manner.
I need to cancel my RSVP for dinner this evening. Can you remove it on my calendar as well?
i would not mind for whatever.
What does hypocrisy mean
show stock price of goog
What time will the soccer match be tonight?
Alexa, send mom an email now
Do they have takeout?
olly start the coffee maker
show meetings
What is the result of 100 minus 50?
send a request to martin
Play Super Mario Brothers game with me.
Wake me up in 30 minutes.
Have there been updates on abortion law?
recipes
book a rental cab of Uber
what is the email from tony about?
Post that I am going to Woodland shoe store
add 'birthday' wth mom for next month
Open up a new list.
What is the latest poll on the public view of President Trump?
DId anybody email me today?
check that.
ARE THE STREETS CONGESTED RIGHT NOW
uh no, that is not what i am looking for.
tell me form whom I got the last email
Can you tell me about the meetings that have occured this month?
I have a complaint.
What will the weather be next week?
Does this restaurant deliver?
Please read out all the alarms that are set.
sorry but you messed up.
Send Mom an email about the upcoming weather for the week.
Is it noon in Paris?
thanks for your asssistance.
no that's not what i said.
What's the capital of Tanzania?
play my favourite
olly talk to you later.
Olly, where is a good place to eat in Seattle?
Pull up the lists in my notes
I would love to share my meal with you
remove event
well done, musch appreciated, olly.
Please define_____?
Should I wear sandals or shoes with socks?
thank you for helping.
What is the location of my work project meeting?
play videos
Olly, please delete my lunch date from the March 23rd schedule.
New calendar event for albert's marriage
Has John emailed me at all in the last month?
cancel dinner tonight
change my room lights to blue.
Set event on recurring
Please make me nice coffee
what are the headlines on cnn
Lists I have
i'd like you stop.
tell me billy crytals address PDA.
Please delete samantha's party.
check the details.
Why do people use Avocado seeds?
Open train routes
When is my next meeting
command is great.
Olly, make me some coffee.
Take grocery buying off of the list
Create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
say one more time please.
Uae time
Turn off the lights, please
Check my social networks
Please defined about social media.
switch on radio
Top 10 movies
Tell me the date when this song was recorded?
What does a geranium look like?
Keep mu up to date on the election news.
thanks but i think got me incorrectly.
pls turn off all the lights outdoor
Set up a meeting with Peter Francis for Monday at 2 pm.
Provide valid references with information to help people understand critical thinking and giving credit where credit is due rather than perpetuate fake news and alternative facts
play audiobook where we left off
What time is it now in GMT?
did you get what said correctly?
cancel the milk from the shopping list
who sings that song?
favorite foke
When's the closest concert at ford's?
Whats for dinner
Tell me who has the most number one hits on the billboard top 20.
When does Olive Garden close today?
I want an alarm for 6am everyday
Initiate the music on the electronic playlist
How much is $50 in Pounds?
What's June's address nowadays?
Search or any emails from work
Can you drop a beat for me?
Please check the traffic to the home
yes that is confirmed.
Where is
please can you once again elaborate to me.
Scratch that one from the list
Set track 28 in music player on repeat.
meaning
Book a ride from New York to Orlando covering 10 places to see.
Play song Aces High
Let me know about the alarms you set
Play BBC radio
Will there be a fall in temperature by tonight
What's on your mind?
that's not the right answer.
Play Rush Limbaugh
Lights off
Give me New York's current time
Tell me the trains from California to New Jersey after 11pm
that was good one, thank you very much.
yeap correct response.
Mike and Jack should be added to festival calender
dammit, it isn't what i am looking for.
Please play (specific station) radio station
Need to check my list
you are my star, appreciated, olly.
talk to you later on.
Do I have any appointments coming up?
tell me all local events
Open the contact named John
Can you really see Russia from Alaska?
remove all playlist from music player
please remove event name
change alarm setting
please mute the television for 1 hour
Don't want of next event in clendar so delete it
Olly I need to remember to get to the shops before they close
Show all emails regarding the breach
Have I received any emails in the past 2 hours
The music of this song is very melodious and relaxing
Play Hot 97.
What does the weather look like this week?
Lower volume
Weather in Atlanta
What day of the week is 1st april?
Book a ticket for the evening train line
it was great, thank you very much.
yeap get the command exactly.
oops, you did not get me.
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
Resume Born to Run
set an alarm on Wednesday noon, so I can register for early adopters program
After swimming lessons, what else is on my calendar on Tuesday?
is ll cool j still rapping?
Do you think it would rain today?
any one would be okay, olly.
do you think time travel is possible?
hmm, not correct command.
What's the next event at the library?
wouldn't know.
What's the name of the event?
reset the thing spoke please.
ABHI KITNA TIME HO RAHA HAI?
What is the Canadian exchange rate?
Have i need to take a sun glass ?
Play for me the Game Temple Run
play old fashioned christmas music
Play for me music by Madonna
send email to joanne@aol.com and add as new contact
skip to previous/next episode of this podcast
PDA! Tell mom ill be late this evening
Coordinate all pop song genres
please let us try again.
open alarm
thumbs down
sorry but you did not get command right.
Rate this song five stars and save the rating.
please could you check question.
i think not right response.
Respond to the email from John Doe
Book taxi for now
i would like to hear the last one you said again.
Remind me everyday at 2 PM for lunch
i don't bother, olly.
Is there a sports bar near Kansas City Plaza area?
tweet a customer complaint on the service at the long horn steak house alexa
i didn't ask for it.
start cleaning floors
i need to hear the last phrase said again.
Do i need to take the umbrella out today?
Please remind me I need to pick my clothes from the cleaner today.
PDA: What did I put down already on the Walmart list?
answer this mail.
shit, this isn't what i am searching for.
stop please.
speak quieter
should i wear raincoat before getting out.
What time does the next train leave to Paris?
Find the sum of 13 and 14.
find area
Are there any new emails from...?
Load up Dr. Demento and play it by my bed.
Can you delete the doctors appoitment i had tuesday.
running train status to..
tweet a complaint to Apple about my iPhone 7
Tell me how to cook pasta.
Could you dim the ligths
Get me up at 8 AM.
What is the date of birth of Keanu Reeves?
Is the 18th a Monday or a Sunday?
How to spell the word giraffe
Turn on vacuum
Delete my next meeting
Resume the playback of Zanes Sex Chronicles
Today the following happened to me: I had a meeting with George
What are the current movies playing in my area?
Give me the weather for the last five days.
you did awesome job,.
Put on Cannibal Queen
Erase all my event in my calendar.
Do I need a raincoat day after?
Hi google, play me playlist Wacky in my gaana application
My daily schedule
how to go the nearest mall asap?
remove my early alarms
set an alarm for 4 in the afternoon
remind me off about my tomorrow meeting sharply at 10
you understood it wrongly.
Send an email to my boss and attach the presentation file with it. Apologize for being late.
Please pause yourself.
Olly remind me about the picnic at Regent park
check my calendar for today
Lights on!
you have done that correctly thank you so much, olly.
Play jazz music now.
olly would you shut down.
PDA please search for events near me
Finance
How many pounds would I get for $100?
let's try what you said one more time again please.
Play Kari Jobe for me
PDA, Tell me how the world began.
Does Peking Garden do orders online?
family bonding before meeting
Set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at 5:00PM
resume audio
seems like olly's command was wrong.
Can you let Amazon know that this new phone case is junk?
Teach me about exposure settings that would be best for a cloudy day in Alaska.
Please read me headlines from Washington Post
can you tell me your last things spoke once more please.
Olly what chinese restaurants are in my area?
What's your name
what is dollar exchange rate with indian currency
write in my calendar i have a event for next friday
When is (insert event) taking place?
I want to hear  <song>
you have done answer right.
nope, this was not what i wanted.
Olly recommend a restaurant with medium expense.
how is the climate.today
would you say that one more time again please.
Olly set 21st april every year as dad's birthday
Launch super mario.
please can you confirm the question.
I want to listen to the Beatles Greatest Hits.
theaters near to me
oops, i think you do not understand me.
charges of delivery
is summer going on?
fantastic job, you have done well, olly.
Show me current exchange rate between euros and other currencies
what are the pending reminder for today evening
yeah perfect response to the command.
resume series podcast
currency conversion of USD and EUR
Report the time in Miami.
yes you've gotten my instructions correcly.
What is the rate for GBP to USD?
send this message to the family group.
clear current calendar
you've done that correctly i appreciate it.
What genre is most played on my PDA?
We need milk.
what is my recent email activity?
I never want to hear that song again
remind me please
What time is it in Mountain Standard Time?
ask my brokers
Let's play a game of trivia.
add mop to hardware store list
Play me a game of tic-tac-toe
check and confirm the last thing said please.
make a complaint to target
yeah that's fantastic.
Add opinion
let me know the time in india
What is Amber stevens address, it is in my contacts?
Coffee please.
Note my 'event' with 'person' on 'date' at 'place'
you have understood my instructions right.
What is my grocery list?
Alexa, what's the news for today?
oh that is fantastic work.
Transition to another color for the lights
How long will it take to finish cooking my meal?
I would like you to start up youtube
arrange a taxi.
What is the current stock price for amazon?
SHUTUP PDA.
What is the height of mount everest.
Send a poor review to this P.F. Chang's Yelp page.
that's nice job, appreciated, olly.
please tweet about the problem I m facing with the product of company
Show me the next episode
What happened on the walking dead.
Olly, what are some restaurants near me?
wouldn't mind for any one.
what will be the weather update for monday noon
PLEAE TELL ME ABOUT THE HISTORIC FACTS ABOUT INDIA
Alexa, book me a train ticket for this afternoon to Chicago.
set the alarm for 7 am every day
Alexa, what is google?
Open book
appreciated, olly.
co-play game x
it's not the correct command.
Schedule dinner with Sara and Jamie
Give me notifications when I get any news from the Starbucks I applied to.
Can you set a reminder for Wednesday at 1:00PM for my meeting?
Has Jane Doe emailed me
What Asian restaurants nearby offer to-go food?
olly i need that appointment posted to the calendar
Olly, is there a sporting event tomorrow in Chicago?
What is the birth year of Barack Obama
Siri, what is one American dollar in Japanese Yen?
PLEASE TELL ME HOW MANY DAYS IN A LEAP YEAR?
send and email to the survey group regarding answers
s1, would you please once again rephrase to me.
Alexa, i need a train ticket for today to Chicago.
Please email Mary and tell her I'll have her files ready in the morning.
s2, i couldn't catch up with you.
Please play the latest Bill Simmons podcast.
send email to daughter
brighten up the lighting
whatever would be fine.
Olly, what's the weather like for the next week in chicago
yeap correct response to the command.
list all train times to ny
yeah get that correcly.
Mute immediately..
Olly, what is the stock price of Apple?
Note current song as awesome please.
Start play FIFA 17
set reminder anna for every monday
Remind me the day before my car is due.
weather this weekend
Olly, weather in Bristol  Vt
What's going on on Wall Street this week?
What song in the theme song for Frasier?
could you tell me funny things
What's the traffic on 80 today?
do not mind to choose any one.
could you confirm the question please.
Describe a fifty inch smart TV.
I need to know about the height of mount everest.
Play real racing 3 game
PDA add Gold Digger to queue
you did command perfectly.
Is it true that Beyonce is having twins?
Define session
White
no, i did not ask for that response.
What do you get when you multiply 16 by 9?
Do I have any emails from Jessica?
Are there any news stories I can check on that are new?
Start Robot Vacuum cleaner.
vaccuum start
Can i wear shorts today?
really would not mind.
Make a note that I don't like this song.
It's too dark in here
olly just cancel please.
reply email
Open calendar.  Set event.
please could you clarify your answer further to me.
I need good ideas for cooking
Where is my pizza from Domino's at?
how can I learn cooking?
Enter a reminder in my calendar for 3pm meeting tomorrow.
is it going to rain at 1pm today
Play my <insert genre> playlist
i do not really mind for whatever, olly.
What's on the news today?
Open the contact x(Contact Name) in phonebook
not right.
PDA tell me the current time in Ottawa.
olly that is all, stop.
Ok Google, what new movie is Jennifer Lawrence working on?
Tell me the names on the list.
game name
Please give me a list of all of my lists.
delete next event
it does not really matter with me.
android
Tell me time of alarm you set
create a new list of ....
What is a good vegan egg substitute, Olly?
Should I bring gloves with me tonight?
it's not the right command.
can you reset it please.
you didn't get it correctly.
Search for any upcoming book fairs during next week in Washington D.C.
I need to calendar a meeting with Allison on Monday at 10am.
i appreciate it, that was amazing work, olly.
meaning of name
i think that's not the correct command.
show me shops PDA.
PDA, how is the news media reacting to Trump's potential ties with Russia?
Help microphone
Play every praise.
I need an alarm for <insert time> can you please set one for me
Is it storming right now?
can you clear my calendar?
play song __
Open tic tac toe
a
Play Hotel California after this song.
it is not what i requested.
have you responded my phone calls
make appointment for next friday
Write on twitter that customer service in this location is horrible
What I did at this time?
What time is it in Cleveland?
Is it true that Asia has only two countries?
play 'do re mi'
Spaghetti Recipe
s2, didn't get that.
What is a good biography to read about Jackie Kennedy?
i am sorry.
Play rooster teeth pod cast
Show me omorrows weather in this area.
i need a train ticket
Show me all the shops that I can find in Milan
yes you have done it perfectly.
yes.
yeap you've understood my instructions exactly.
Best paid jobs in digital marketing in my area
Add haircut to my appointments on Saturday aftyernoon at 4
it's too dark here
what is the news about current weather.
What do you think?
I really enjoy this song
COULD YOU REMIND ME TO TAKE MY CAR FROM GARAGE BECAUSE I MAY GO FOR A LONG DRIVE.TODAY .
Start a new (grocery, task, shopping) list.
i am not clear about your answers.
latest news
olly could you shut up.
olly can you stop it.
my expenses
Can you give me a weather report.
Olly what time is it in this city?
yeah amazing response to the command.
Olly, I want to hear a station that plays R&B.
Start creating a new list
To go food, louies
i want you to confirm details please.
speak that again please.
lower hallway lights
start playlist and play music
could you please confirm that.
What is the longest day of the year?
yes you've got command right.
would you please confirm the instruction.
what is the closing price of Apple today?
that does not matter.
what is left for today
how is the traffic at the moment?
What does myrmidon mean?
Please turn on my vacuum cleaner
You can set schedules for your devices and control them remotely using a mobile internet connection
list entry
Id liek to know if there are any accidents on the route that I am taking.
how to cook crabs
can you speak that one more time again.
What movies are playing tonight?
Put an alarm and wake me up at 6:00 a.m. tomorrow morning.
Save my opinion on Adele's song.
fresh list
Send a tweet to company
What is the latest update on the NY bridge proposal?
oops, it is not the correct answer.
did I get anything new from my boss?
Alexa, play 90's hip hop.
Add my sister on calendar for pedicures on Friday.
Is this the hottest day in Mangalore
try what you have said once again please.
What time is it now in New York?
Please delete the list Gift Ideas For My Wife and play me some sad music.
comfortably adjust sound
Book a taxi to pick up Shelley Hennessey at Gate 4 of the airport for the arrival of AA flight 5431 at 3:21 on Friday.
what new messages do i have
you have done that correctly thank you so much.
Does Olive garden have take out?
Show me the latest news from The Gaurdian
Set my alarm for 6am
Give me the stock price for X.
Add event with these people
Anything new PDA?
What is available in your stock of lists?
Please start radio
turn on the plug socket 1.
How do you think the world ends?
did you get what i said correctly?
stop wake-up calls for this week
What do I have coming up?
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE FM STATION WHICH PLAYS POPSONGS.
you helped a lot, thank you very much.
You'll be able to turn that device on or off using your smartphone or tablet
that was great, thank you.
what is the stock price of amazon.
open the podcastaddict
am i going to need to put on sunscreen lotion today?
Fetch me the phone number of  Alexander.
olly would you just stop it please.
Let me see my playlist to reorganize.
Play the jazz station.
Open The New York Times app.
Put in Next Queue 'Badra Bahar' by Amit Trivedi.
What is the weather supposed to be like this week?
How is the traffic around city center.
whens the next train to cornwall.
What is the name of song?
What is my first appointment today?
i would like you to confirm the details please.
What is the time in L.A.
it's excellent.
s1, please elaborate me on what you just said further.
what else is missing in the diary?
Do I have any meetings next week?
add John's birthday on 25 March
How many species of bees are there in the United States?
Let me get a cup of coffee please.
olly please would you shut up.
yeap excellent.
would you say what i've just said again please.
Tune into the KORN morning show please.
Play anything by Cat Stevens and I'll be happy
Define oscillate
it's pleasant today.
Play the last album on a loop
What does my facebook feed look like?
what would you recommend for me to read
PDA, What is the current weather conditions in Chicago Illinois?
Remind me to have launch with boss today at 1 pm.
Book me a cab going to 'location'.
Tweet to McDonalds saying that I found a hair in their burger.
thanks for completing it, olly.
latest party events in city
Turn on Hot 97.
turn on this socket
check email for new messages
Olly what do I need to get done today?
What's the current time in New York?
schedule for this weekend
Please tell me the date and time?
Echo, turn on the local radio
What's the latest on the travel ban?
Where is Tuesday's morning meeting?
that isn't what i am looking for.
i just want some more information about the poetry
What is the capital of Maryland?
Show me some food court nearest to my location
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
Olly, resume lord of the rings.
Please, clean my shopping list
Can you find the Dave Ramsey podcast that aired earlier today?
keep playing the episodes in order
when does iphone stock usually drop
Remind me to meet Joe for lunch tomorrow.
Tweet at quote unquote
Alexa, play music that I like.
Let's play tic-tac-toe
How long is the Nile?
What's on Nine News?
i think it's not the correct response.
What are the top news headlines right now?
List all the alarms
Siri, how much is a train ticket
i need to set an alarm how many do i have set
Tell me the name of this song.
how bad is the traffic near the airport?
I want you to play bohemian raphsody for me
PDA please check the recent trend in stocks
refer local current events
Please give me the wnning lottory numbers for this weekend.
Tell me comics of charlie chaplin
Define love without invoking the term love.
Take lunch meeting off my calendar.
Take x of the list
Tell me all the takeaways nearby and I want to order food.
Please negative response twwet on daikin service
play bhuli bisri yaadien program on 91.3 fm
please will you confirm details.
How many reminders do I have made?
olly please could you just cancel.
Olly tell me whuch time is it in new york
Send a complaint to Walmart on twitter.
Hey, do you know any jokes?
PDA, Book please
Give me the names of my lists.
Olly, how do you define 'lamp'?
nope, i didn't say this.
Should I wear sandals?
whats the time?
Play last christmas by george michael
PDA, delete that item from my list.
Please tweet 'Waited 65 minutes for a table at TGI Fridays.  Never going back'
repetitive event added to calendar
bbc breaking news
How many tablespoons in a cup?
what is my upcoming calendar event
ems pda
Please delete all the events from my calendar.
could you please check and confirm that.
Activate the robot and vacuum the floor.
Remind me to meet Dad for coffee at 10 am.
Look for Irene and play it
Add an event starting at 3 PM in Goshen, New York on May 5th for Dan's Graduation.
you have got my instructions correcly.
What time i sit in China right now.
Please tell me the main points of my 2:00 meeting from this afternoon.
Help me get to sleep.
please tell me that again.
I want to hear Morning Edition on NPR.
What time am I meeting my dentist on Friday?
In this country, what is the exchange rate
WHAT IS POPULATION PER MILE IN ASIA
Play 6 music for me
check my last command please.
PDA what's happening in world news
Olly, set generic calendar event for next Saturday at 10 a.m.
Will you send an email to this new email address?
Get me the latest on current events going on in the world.
Give me some health tips
Can you list off the top ten singles this week?
PDA, shut of the lights
Hey PDA, what's today's date?
turn up media volume
Play my Rap playlist
show me my alarms i have set
Play my latest playlist
it is unimportant for me, olly.
Post a new status on facebook saying that I am enjoying the nice weather.
tell me a good joke
Is the song by Shakira?
Lower the lights in Bedroom 2
i would like you to check last thing i said please.
stock
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
when is my train coming
please can you do it again.
I want to post on Twitter.
i appreciate it, it's good, olly.
s2, can not get this.
app management
Alter Lunch Event to repeat every Friday
Olly, what is the nearest theatre that plays the new Vin Diesel movie
Tell me weather forecast
please could you check and confirm the last thing said.
have no idea for which to choose.
What is the leading story at this time on Fox News?
More ligth please
Schedule an event in my calendar for the pool party at Jack's place this Saturday.
yes you get it exactly.
does not matter to me.
would you check and confirm detail please.
Olly tell me john's phone number
Please put Event X into my calendar and mark it as a repeating event.
Who's emailed me recently?
Cease operating lights
Can you tell me about today
thanks but that is wrong.
yes perfectly.
What is the square root of 148,587
I would like to know my next schedule details
What's up in the nieghbourhood?
Give me the description about Television
you understood command perfectly.
open music player settings
please elaborate your answers further.
Please play radio station 100.3 right now.
How is a typhoon defined?
Please select the first song in my iTunes library.
oh it's great job.
reminde me while am free
PDA trantimes to NY.
whatever would be ok to me.
Turn off the fan08
how many yen for each dollar
play the book which i heard on some particular day.
turn my bedroom lights off
get me news.
What's the latest on the (specific topic)?
How many Oceans are there in the world?
Does PF Changs do takeout?
Remember that I need to turn in my math assignment tonight by 11
the calendar event has multiple people
3*2=6
Show me the available colours of lights
will there be ash in the sky in LA today
Tell me when and if I should buy a new home
What time is it in Swotzeeland?
can you replay your phrase you just said.
show time in china
Tweet consumer service that I am very disappointed with my recent interaction.
What do you do with my data and information?
Announce the current time
Play me John's podcast.
Please let me know about my aniversary
the time the meeting start
add the email XXXXX@gmail.com to my contacts
Please restart the Handmaid's Tale
Olly, any fresh news on Brad Pitt?
Turn on favorite songs.
Jump to 8:20
bed room 2 darken
I love the eternal voice of the singer, she is my favourite
that's not what i am searching for.
Schedule a one hour appointment for Saturday.
i will talk to you later on.
Make a note to pay the electricity bill and remind me on Saturday at 9:00 a.m.
PLEASE MAKE A TWEET  TO DELL COMPANY  ABOUT THE FAULTY SERVICE OF  LAPTOP.
Please, give me the weather report for this week.
I would like to hear Aretha Franklin's Call Me after this song.
PDA what should I do today?
put on my calendar meeting with Ms. Boland on Wednesday 8:00am
What is todays forcast?
well done,, olly.
Read me my current grocery list.
What am I doing this week?
Olly call me a taxi to the airport at 5am
wonderful work, you did well.
what is the definition of ultra?
Play CD led Zeppelin houses of the holy
check yahoo mail
Is my appointment to the dentist still on for tomorrow morning?
Olly, can you please make me a cup of black coffee?
What's my next scheduled alarm?
your words was not so clear.
Available meetings in March are what?
what time is it in the other time zones
What time is the party tonight
i'd like to hear the last utterance spoken again.
What CD is this song on?
Set reminder in calendar.
Are there train tickets available between Seattle and New York City
PDA, Internet Please
Set a reminder for gymnastics every Wednesday at 3.
i'd like to hear the last one spoke again.
i want hot cofee
Are you my friend?
Please define textual
new list
Tell me the artist name
Please find description of the newest Canon Rebel camera.
Silence for X amount of hours
Show me recipes
what kind of lists do i have saved?
Give me directions to get from here to Crescent City Brewhouse in New Orleans
I want to thank everyone for the birthday wishes.
no, i think you did not get this right.
i want to hear the last one spoken again.
It's eight at night in France, what time is it in New York?
Jokes
could you confirm details.
Get me the local train timing to destination CSTM.
directions please
are you married
Bingo
What will the high be tomorrow in Tucson?
did you get the details correctly?
Write down that I am going to meet with Jenny on the third, okay?
Please turn off the porch light
will you please check and confirm my last question.
PDa, what does 1 USD equal in AUS
I would like a cup of coffee
FOX news world news
Remove my scheduled calendar events if you could
get that correcly.
i think not right.
Please add milk to the grocery list
Olly, brew coffee
Olly can I use brown sugar instead of white in peanut butter cookies?
Change the light color to White
Locate the email to Giant Eagle and put it into my contact list.
How much is a round trip  train ticket to go to New York?
Olly Today I couldn't find my phone.
can we go to sun
I can't see, let's make it brighter
Reply to recent emails.
Tell me a joke about lawyers.
can you turn off one of my lights in my bathroom
do i have a game on april 7
Forget this list
Add Mary's birthday on the 22nd to my calendar, please.
Remind me at this time.
notification of meeting on Wednesday
Where is the pharmacy in Leavenworth?
Play the newest morning show podcast.
Do I have anything planned today
Olly, please read me my current lists.
What is the current date time group?
go to the next episode
What's on this weekend in my zipcode?
i'd like you to confirm what just said please.
Repeat my reminders from  yesterday?
i want you check what i last said please.
could not get what you've said.
Cancel all my appointments.
How long has Princess Kate been pregnant?
What is the capital of Nigeria?
olly tell me how to cook spaghetti
What events are happening this weekend in my area?
PDA, please set an alarm for 7:30 AM tomorrow.
What time is it in London now?
turn the news on
repeat it please.
Any new e-mails?
Find Jhonny's address
could you please confirm the last thing i said.
Brief me about my news feed stories
After this song play Thriller
Do I have new Emails?
Light color change
you did good job,, olly.
Open minestart game from previos played level
I need a train ticket traveling to New York in May.
turn on the lamp
What are the details on UMF
Tell me the soup of the day at Panera Bread Restaurant
how do i get to old street?
excellent work, you did well.
Nice music
what are some good restaurants near by
yes right response.
olly just cancel.
get me the latest episode of the ____ podcast
What is the current time in our home town?
which pubs participate in the Jazz Festival
PDA, create an email that needs to go out to my family.
please reserve the next taxi a 9:00 AM
check my twitter notification
I have dinner with my sister this Saturday
I'd like a listing of all train ticket prices for this location please?
by Hide
Find me a train ticket to...
Olly what activities are taking place in my area
i would like you confirm detail please.
What is the definition of the word perpetual?
shit, i think incorrect.
Could you please lower your volume?
What lists available
Bed room 2 lights off
What are the breaking news?
Go back to the midnight series.
or you can email to my sister and ask her how that weather is it in California?
please again explain me about it.
Is there a chili cookoff this weekend?
Siri, what does survey mean?
Play music
Do I have a new email from Sandy?
When did the statue of Liberty made?
LEARNING GAMES
what is the highest temperature of delhi
yeah you have understood that right.
What is today's current date?
How far is Paran River?
traffic report
turn down volume
add 'new year' with family next week
Make us a brew olly
its very different
Is it raining now?
yes amazing response to the command.
climate
Please tell me what is on the calendar for this weekend
whats the recipe for pasta sause
tell me everything about Albert Einstein
you are my star,, olly.
It complements the information in Drive Safe: A handbook for Western Australian road users by providing a practical guide to the driving skills, experience, good driving habits and attitudes that learner drivers need to develop.
I want to play a game with you
Do you recognize the song playing on my phone?
When will I meet with joe next
turn off the living room light
Can you turn the lights up?
hey siri my the lights a little warmer
Where is the alps located
What are the current lists I have?
reply with <unk>
Speakers off.
Show me the list of missed events.
make this my favorite
I want to start a new list of power tools on sale at True Value.
PDA what time is time?
How is the traffic on I-25?
I would like to hear the theme song to This is Us
I need the exchange rate for the US dolalr and the Euro.
open subway surfers
I would like orange lights now.
On May 13th please run a credit check and email the results
searching for any special holidays for US country
will you please rephrase me more on it.
Remind me on monday at 2PM to have a meeting with Andrew.
Contact information for Jay
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
I want to make next week's to-do list
play my soundtrack
uh no, that isn't what i wanted.
tell me about any new emails from my boss
What's the funniest joke you know?
book me a taxi from XXX to XXX destination
I want to listen to podcast about rock n roll.
that was helpful, musch appreciated.
Is there any concerts taking place in new York today
s2, this is not clear to me.
Make the living room light orange.
thanks but you had it not right.
What is 12 plus 196?
yes that's confirmed.
Where is the closest spot to order food for pickup?
down the speaker volume at the end of level
Send me a reminder for my meeting tonight
Remind me two hours before 6pm that I have to wake up at 4 am friday morning
Play me in Tic Tac Toe
Olly, lets play tic tac toe.
Is is taco-o'clock yet?
PDA, what is the weather of this week?
Explanation of the song
Stock up or down for Walgreens?
Find me a good wine shop that stock old wines, like older than 10 years. Navigate me to that shop.
Please run <insert vacuum name>
Answer with...
put the radio on
Send report to consumer service
Show me politics news from today.
I feel like having soup for lunch. Order from Wangs Kitchen restaurant, a chicken manchow soup.
What is time now in Japan compared to USA.
Are the Falklands in South America?
play my first favorite song on loop
Delete my appointment at one tomorrow.
Which country is the most beautiful in the world
tell me one more time please.
appreciate your help.
Add the item to a list
explain to me how gravity works
could you say what you said one more time again.
Please give me detail of 100 yen = $
play the radio station pop
Show me a forecast
what hour is it in another city
start play playlist1
yeap get it right.
wemo on
7:00
please rewind to start of podcast
Turn on some NPR and play them out of my speakers.
.... USD is equal to ....currency
remind me on 5th april there is a meeting with boss
please would you check the instruction.
use email to let chris know i will be late
Make a tweet complaint to
can you set my alarm for 7:30 am?
What's a good substitute for eggs?
Please activate <insert vacuum name>
set a meeting with Allen on tomorrow
What temperature is it safe to eat pork?
I am in the mood for metal.
Tell me CNN's latest headlines.
What is the date for the following monday?
Where can I find the nearest Irish pub in my area?
last sentence is not so clear.
I need to know what time it is right now in New york city.
How many cups are in a pint?
olly please can you shut off.
mention event in calendar with others
Play music from my EDM playlist.
Hi, you there
trash my list
What is the weather like for Houston?
What kind of weather are we going to have this week?
Who is currently singing?
what are today's highlights from <unk>
you've done that correctly, olly.
Enable smart socket
Will there be a World War IV?
remind me to take out the trash
Increase Volume
Text your lost Android phone to turn the ringer volume up 100%
that is unimportant to me.
Turn the smart plug on
delete shopping from my list
Where does Brad Pitt live?
What will be the weather this week?
What time does the Zach Brown concert on June 3rd begin?
I go with black sunglasses or not ?
thanks but i think you understood me wrong.
whats today's date
shut off.
When was the Bolshoi theatre constructed?
add a note to attend
Where is George W. Bush from?
i want you to check instruction please.
Save all songs from Katy perry
Erase previous list.
ask a pub in My area
What is the difference between bake and broil?
What type of music do I enjoy?
Please play Doluma from vedhalam
olly what's some upcoming events i might want to go to?
How old is Chuck Norris?
Send email to Rajesh
Play Sleepyhead by Passion Pit.
jam
How far did I walk this morning?
Make me coffee now
it is helpful, i appreciate it.
I need a recipe for chicken thighs for my pressure cooker.
hey olly what are some good job opportunities
Searching information online
Email work team this week's schedule.
how much in the clock?
At what time have you set alarm for me
Can you play my Favorites playlist.
don't care, olly.
that will be all.
I need to submit a complaint.
Olly how many quarts are in a gallon?
Play lady now
remove 'buying eggs' item from to do list
Book a train ticket to...
are storms likely today?
vanilli marauthr
Save the opinion that I just posted to this song.
Describe event on March 19th at 2 PM please
switch to 101.1
can u please make a cofee
that's all, cancel it.
s1, could you explain further on that please.
yeah you've understood my instructions exactly.
How is it outside?
I want to listen to the rap station
Turn off my wemo plug
Do I have any alarms for tomorrow morning?
show me the calender
Please change the volume low of the speakers.
I have a date with the World bank Group on the 28th, please remind me.
Stop after current song.
list alrams
I want my PDA to find free movies online for me
go to alarm on menu
set alarm at 2am
Please add haricut to March 27th at 3 pm.
play the song title
Need a taxi for my travel
Please thumbs up this song
can I know what I have to do the next Saturday at 6 pm?
reply to new email from joe
show me the dimcolour
write a thought of the day on facebook
i think you have done this all in wrong manner.
once more please.
Find the right amount of cinnamon for the garam masala.
Activate vacuum cleaner
I want to hear great music
please would you repeat what you've said.
will you tell me again.
Play this song
Alexa is there any stopped traffic on 80 today?
the weather is sunny today
newyork
What is the economic policy of trump
would you say the last one said one more again please.
Is the road a free way or a toll road.
list out  my schedule today.
Tell me about New York.
can you check and confirm question.
bbc live
show me the one week forecast
that would be all.
I need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
shit, you gave me not right information.
it was cool, thank you so much.
Lower the volume to 20
Is the year 2018 a leap year?
i did not ask for it.
Tell me the brief definition.
riddles
Order a train ticket to Los Angeles.
Have I gotten any mail recently?
alert me at 3pm to goto the concert
Olly, tell me the pound for pound list for the top 10 in the UFC
yeah you've got your understanding correcly.
get me the news from XYZ news
Turn off my wifi.
where do you live?
Did anyone like my photo I just posted?
Open iHeartRadio, ROV The Rock.
Can you get me train ticket prices, please?
Can you start the Roomba?
tweet about what can be done for it
Read CNN headlines
wats up
play jaz
add mail id, subject , content
Please remind me to record the show House every Sunday at 9:00.
Has John sent me an email?
take milk off my grocery list
alarm set
olly please shut up.
how to abs in six week
Refresh Email inbox
Add a Tab to the shopping list
What is the time difference between California and New York?
What was the date two Wednesdays back from today?
What's the humidity level?
Do I have alarms set for today?
Update on email.
show me the top stories from source
is the temperature going to be above 50 tomorrow?
Olly play Sigur Ros
PDA please compose email to...
s1, could you please rephrase me further on that.
Tell me how to make a poor boy sandwich.
Name off all the lists I own.
Send a tweet to WalMart Customer Service:  Your return policy stinks
hey siri make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
i think your answer is wrong.
what is the current weather in miami
Play Hopsin from my Latest playlist.
yeah answer was great.
Help is to be sent only to jane
please would you try that one more time again.
is it ok to lower tge lights
what's the current temperature outside
I had a lot of fun today.
Play meditation music
What are my current list.
go to next podcast
Any breaking news from The Huffington Post?
Would you please notify me about the event in my calendar
Add Joe Smith to my calendar for today at 1pm
I want my PDA to tell me when a new anime season will come out
thanks but i think you have messed up with.
yes you understood it correcly.
PLEASE GIVEN AN 2D 3D EFFECTS
What is happening locally this weekend?
Create an alarm for 5 pm.
Where will the event be held?
Book a cab which have cheapest price
Play some classic rock before I lose my mind.
Place a take out order at Olive Garden.
Math
off lights
COMPARE MORE OF COUNTRIS
do I need to wear a coat today?
What is the weather?
could you further rephrase me on this please.
do i have any openings on my schedule for tomorrow
Lower the lights in the bedroom
easy meals
Add five plus eighteen minus four please.
Does MIley Cryus have any siblings?
Tell me what usa thinks of asia
Olly, you'll never guess what happened earlier today.
Please give me update of Football
Delete that from my calendar
check weather
thanks but i think you did not get the answer correctly.
Is my reminder alarm set for dance class?
How can I make your day a little better?
s2, i was not clear about it.
Open twitter.  Compose new tweet:  DirecTv has horrible customer service
Play The Health Show on my cell phone
What is today's weather in Springfield?
What are IBM's stock prices
please read new emails
that's wonderful.
shit, not right.
Remove all data from my calendar.
which country's have a border to India
TELL ME CNN NEWS FOR ME RIGHT NOW.
Do I have to do something later?
Alexa, please turn down the lights in the house.
please play the radio gaga song
i'd like you to check and confirm the command please.
Could you turn the light off?
make sure there is no events on my calendar
Tell me when obama was born
I don't like it
light colour for study room
would you please once again rephrase me on your answers.
Cortana, sound off.
How much is FB worth?
Will I need to carry around a brolly today?
Save the last radio stations of the last month
Please tell me if July has sent me any emails.
Turn off the upstairs bathroom light.
i didn't ask for that answer.
Slow the volume speaker
yeah fantastic.
Boiled.
save opinion on song
I'd like to continue to the next episode.
Olly, give me a movie for tonight?
Hey siri play a nine inch nails album
I don't like this one
What date is it?
what is the cooking time for mashed potatoes
Turn off wemo socket
All March events in RCCG is to be added to my calender
what is trump's approval rating
yeah wonderful response.
Is it Joes birthday soon
Add dinner plans to my calendar
Do add this on my calender PDA!
What time is it in New york now?
how much is lebron james worth
current time in GMT
The origins of the universe.
nice job, you've done well.
Keep looking for more detailed info on the annual tea party and inform me accordingly.
Where is Morocco located?
you are the best,.
that doesn't really matter.
tell me comparison between trump and putin
Olly where is a nearby park where I can go running?
please turn off the kitchen
Skip to the next song.
oh no.
Find current stock pricing for stock in Samsung.
Id like to pu tin an order for some Chinese food with Hunan Wok.
What time is the train to San francisco due?
Send an email to my family telling them about my upcoming birthday plans
Could you please check if I am free on Thursday afternoon? If so, add a reminder to go to the food festival
Chicago time
Is there anything new on Snapchat?
what events are in my clender for today
What do I have planned next Monday from noon to 3:00
Have I gotten any new email?
Set the alarm to 7 am for work
Where am I supposed to be by this time tomorrow?
how are the top 10 stocks at the moment?
repeat marriage day
Did I tell you to remind me something?
I want to know if The Olive Garden provides takeaway.
How is the traffic?
Create a blank list.
would you say that statement spoke once again.
where are piramids located
what is the latest news
alexa set an alarm for 4pm tuesday
how much is the average house
Set my alarm for 8 AM.
Please set the alarm for 8pm Wednesday evening
Tell me my schedule for later this afternoon.
Please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code 29978?
where is mcdo?
Olly, what clothing shops are close to my current location?
Please respond.
could you repeat that please.
Can you play the radio, please?
list next month's events
again clarify it to me please.
Set an alarm for 8am.
Delete all my calendar entries.
Give me the description of a Smartphone circuit
you didn't understand what i just said.
Delete everything from my calendar
about  todays headline news
Alarm set for time
Alexa, please turn down the lights in the living room.
Erase my Old English Songs list
Can you define a house
What is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
will you explain me about the last sentence further please.
Are there any events going on nearby?
What's been happening for the last two months?
How deep is the deepest point of the Grand Canyon?
remove the old music list
oh no, i think you did the task all wrong.
say it one more time please.
could you check that.
did you get what just said correctly?
i am sorry but you messed up.
show exchange rate of USD and INR
do not mind for any one, olly.
Has Tom emailed me?
You can also add additional switches to your home to control more devices.
How would the Volkswagen Golf car look like?
remind me about this
What should the internal temperature of a turkey be?
i am sorry but i think it was not the right response.
tell me about trump!
please correct the wrong command.
What time does the match start
get it correcly.
Mute for 20 minutes.
Please remove the list.
wake me up on Friday at 5 in the morning, I need to catch the train
please tweet the following complaint
remove chat with Allan
Please play next episode of...
What happened in the world today?
PDA show all emails sent to me from my boss
Repeat the current song.
Give me the definition of the word haughty
What time and day is it today?
show the playlist
Please, tell me a joke.
Dolores, do you notice something odd about your world?
please start over.
TDL
further elaborate me on what you have said please.
What is the definition of capricious?
tell me your last words said one more time again please.
PDA, Tweet Tweet @
i'd like to hear that sentence spoke again.
Please create a new tweet
Schedule business meeting with work group.
I will need a reminder of the 3:00pm teachers meeting on Thursday.
open company name find feedback
hey siri tell me what time it is
Send help only to Jane
any one will be okay to me.
do you know math?
How much time to cook pasta?
oh that's fantastic.
What are the stats of x?
let me hear some bluegrass music
what's the recipe for tacos
i need to hear what you've said again.
remind me of my meeting with Ms. Boland on Wednesday 8:00am on Tuesday 7:00pm
Can you create a new list in my podcast?
local area events?
will you remind me of my gym class on my calendar one hour before
Set a repeating reminder alarm for the Facebook event I have to attend on 7th April.
right response to command.
wouldn't really mind for whatever.
Visit metronorth.com to help me purchase train tickets
what are the features of the table
Please subscribe me to updates about US breaking news.
remember what i think about this song
Please start the radio.
create an event 'gym day' on monday and set it to repeat
Let's play that song again
Send an uber to me right now.
I need directions to Meijer Gardens
email me the lyrics to this song
Email family
Play music from the jazz genre.
get route for LA from here
Please play music.
Find my email for.. date
you are real
Meaning of PDA
Is there anything on my calendar on Friday in the morning after I get to work?
you've done command correcly.
further explain me on the last sentence please.
Delete my next meeting from calendar.
i think you messed up with the request.
start the next episode of the _____podcast
Should I take an umbrella with me tonight?
what do you mean by it.
Define organism
Drive the car and bring my friends over
Are there more than two doctor's appointments in my calendar?
say your sentence spoken one more time please.
Do I have any emails from Katherine?
would not really know, olly.
Length of traffice?
check the weather of city A.
Do i need a sweater today
Change the lights in my home to green.
Tweet company about their service
Where are rthe best co-working spots in the neighborhood?
up
check last thing i said.
i think you are wrong.
it was awesome, thank you so much.
What do I have to do tomorrow?
Send email to mom asking about the weather.
Place Event X in my calendar every Tuesday.
Play random radio station.
take out the milk from the shopping list
whatever is good with me, olly.
PDA, can you tell me how many stomachs a cow has?
command was perfect.
Olly, can you begin the brew?
I want to know if I have any emails with the subject line budget from Eddie Richards.
you are hungry
What is rate of eur/usd
Send an email to my wife about next week weather
Mark dad's retirement dinner for April fourth.
what is the weather next week
Please, clean my calendar
enter song suggestion
Was there an appointment set up for Saturday?
Are there any new videos on the youtube for New York Times?
PDA, What is the latest news today
Show meaning of clarion
How is the current weather in Washington DC.
Activate the radio please.
Delete all my events in my calendar.
yes you've done it perfectly.
tell me the stock rate of hyundai
Tweet complaint to Dominoes
what is the distance to the moon?
list events nearby NY
How many cats does Taylor Swift have?
I want my PDA to find good posters and arts of my favorite shows
Can you put on the next I heart music radio show?
stop.
Siri, how are the working conditions for the people who make you?
please describe object A.
please will you shut down.
Which river in Germany is the biggest?
please tell me it once again.
Please open Blokus game, I would like to play with you
yeap got that right.
you are my hero,.
Play why do you sing by Kirk Franklin.
google pda definition for me
Delete from playlist my Old English Songs list
Add yoga to my calendar for friday.
Delete all recurring staff meetings
Tell me if there's any new news on that topic
Olly search events and meetups for Central park West
s2, i am unclear about your words.
Play top 40 dance
i could not quite catch up with you.
Olly, what is the forecast in town today?
find and play workout playlist
Show me the exchange rate between czk and dollar
get radio
Tell my family this in an email,
do I have anything going on?
Turn down the lights to medium
I want to know who is at the top of the English Premier League at the moment
that's not correct.
thanks but i think you did not get response correctly.
How many hook ups had Richard Feynman?
you are my star, thank you so much.
Please play the podcast Order of the Green Hand 2
Please update the status of pending reminders.
Show them where the keys to internal locks are located in case they have to exit your home quickly.
Remind me the wedding on time to buy a present
Please replay that song I just listened to.
what is 4 plus 4
Put This American Life on the car radio
Please open and play chess with me
Olly, I have scheduled a meeting with Mr. Ross this Friday. Mark it in you calendar and remind me on Friday early morning about it.
Please let me know the morning alarm time kept for Weekends
Olly, should I open the sun roof?
give me all available lists
retry please.
go to radio
will you check it please.
Please set a reminder in my calendar for my meeting on March 25.
does not matter, olly.
send email 'thank you very much' to sarah as a reply
Send an email to my boss saying I will be late.
Please check on the live football matches this weekend
that is not the right answer.
fb stocks
yeap you've done that right.
Check for emails from my teacher
Create an email to my brother asking him what time he will be over for dinner.
I want to listen daily to this song
How is the weather down in Orange, Tx?
Add a new contact for Daniel Bell dbell@aol.com.
turn down lights
place alarm at 5 o'clock morning
Today I... (user begins speaking about day, this is logged by PDA)
nice
Order takeout from pizza restaurant.
Add erosser@hotmail.com as a new contact for Emily Rosser.
i think you did it all wrong.
will you remind me to go to hockey class every Sunday afternoon?
When and where is <band> playing?
Read unchecked email
I want to hear some Beyonce.
directions to place
How did XXX become famous?
Olly, tell me about the weather.
please play some jazz
please could you check detail.
delete from the calendar the next event
olly can you shut off please.
Snooze all today's alarms permanently.
Remove from my calendar meeting at 9am
have i got any new email from my company.
play all rock songs
What is my afternoon schedule tomorrow?
set the event name to ____
Do you sell any of my information to advertisers?
can u tell me the contact information of jo
I would love to hear the playlist I created for my wedding.
that's all, just stop.
I would like a free day tomorrow from all the events.
give me today's market trends for <unk>
any one is good to me, olly.
you did awesome work, thank you very much.
please resume this playback in audiobook
Increase the volume.
bring me the title of current music.
What is the title of the song that is playing?
Rate five!
Find Rush Limbaugh on 97X.
can you turn my bathroom lights off
Read some more of the Daisy Goodwin book for me
Read me new post on my feed
Play the electronic playlist
will you stop.
Remind me to send email to boss after 1 hour
Olly, I need to hear some sad songs today.
i am sorry but i think it's not the correct answer.
info on this week weather
Which part of Antarctica belongs to the US?
Different Continents
PLEASE TELL ME ABOUT OUR COUNTRY LATITUDE AND LONGITUDE.
Games
Look up Jim's email and reply that I don't know.
What should I wear today?
did not understand it.
Olly there's a good band playing tonight at 9 at jazzbar. I want to go
you helped a lot,.
it's cool, thank you so much.
Can you delete the doctors appoitment i had tuesday.
Tell me about George Washington
give me name and type of this music
can you rephrase me further on your words please.
current stock price x
play some _____
is it cold outside right now?
remind me tomorrow at 10am about the meeting
Please let me know today's date.
that's fantastic.
who am i meeting with later?
Can you remind me to 'something' in 'sometime'.
Assistant, please turn the lights off
What features do you have planned to release in the future?
What and who was I emailed about last week?
Spell and define oscillate
i think you did not get this right.
silent
Dim the lights down a bit.
Please turn on one of the preprogrammed stations.
Please speak quieter to me
When was the last time that I spoke to John?
What happens to me if you become sentient?
tweet consumer service
Post to Facebook: Aww I'm sick
will you please confirm last thing i said.
What kinds of shops are here?
s1, would you elaborate further on your answer to me please.
sorry but it is not the correct command.
Have Halifax shares gone up today?
go to email and send message to
tell me when the event is happening
how is michael schumacher doing?
Are you content with being inside a PDA?
Are there any interesting stuff happened today in my Twitter
you've got your understanding correcly.
Is there any events are in the local area?
Is there a new email in the inbox from jay ?
Please clear Jeff's birthday from the calendar.
Book my nearest available taxi
Reply to Christy's email and say Thank you very much
Enter event for Mondays only
please add my business meeting for 10am at the office with bill
Hello Alexa, wish Monika happy birthday on her timeline.
would you try what you said again.
thank you so much for the help, olly.
who has responded to my business within the last 24 hours
Is Michael's a takeaway or delivery restaurant?
Was this song in the top 20?
explain me about what you've just said once again.
will you check and confirm command.
What is the highest rated movie this week
When is my husband's birthday this year?
would you please check and confirm my last command.
Play a selection of Classical Music.
Remove grocery list please.
What is the stock price of HDFC ?
How many inches make one feet?
I would like to know the route the train will go to get to Miami
Begin music.
Siri, find train tickets to NC
What is the latest news on Donald Trump
what is on that date
Please start a new list
how to do a risotto?
Delete the list created yesteday
could not understand your answers.
My meeting friday is in eastern standard time
please confirm the details.
tell me stock price of...
i am sorry but i think you have messed up my command.
who won the sports game last night.
history of person
What time does my next meeting start?
The date today please
can u make coffee
What day o the week is 14th
if there any alarm is set then let me know.
Play list 5
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
What is the weather like in Boston?
Could you make a train ticket for m
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Indian Rupee
It's a bit dark, increase lighting
brighten lights in living room
Check if I have set any alarm for morning
Do not wake me up tomorrow.
could you try again please.
What conducts heat better, copper bottomed pots or cast iron?
6 am alarm please
s1, please again explain last sentence.
Would you mind telling me what are the pending reminders.
order general T'so, eggroll to go
that does not really matter with me, olly.
the command is not correct.
Show me results of what I'm listening to
Play me a Radio Drama Podcast
Look up whether or not Charley's Steakhouse delivers.
How do I reach Sarah?
run radio 66.5
Hey Ms the email address of John Miller.
don't really mind.
could you please explain again to me.
Set a recurring event in my calendar.
Play me a random song
please could you shut up.
I would like to know the latest from NBC news.
Olly what are the headlines from the LA Times
Search for the latest news about Iphone
Send email to Boss Not feeling well taking a sick day
Where is the best pizza on sixth street?
Please turn the porch light to blue.
cancel all meetings for today
I want to listen Irene
Cancel everything on my calendar
Change the lights to red.
What's playing?
i want you just stop it.
please set the alarm for next morning to 7 am
the answer was confirmed.
Create a new list of grocery store
I want to hear country music
dim the lights at the living room
Play my playlist starting from the bottom.
What is the exchange rate between money I'm the united states and switzerland
it's not the correct response.
yes your understanding was perfect.
What road is longest?
Play music that are classical only.
Olly, play This Week For Dinner now.
Get me a recipe for cookies
Email form for regional VP.
What is the current time right now?
Please inform me of any new status updates?
PDA, I'm into 80's music.
i am gonna need a bike today? (Cause its a holiday for busses)
Please turn on my smart plug socket.
What events are upcoming today
play that last song
Will it be a sticky night?
that's all, cancel.
When is my takeaway arriving?
following scenario to answer questions
i wouldn't bother.
what day is it today
i think this was wrong answer.
Play for me music by Michael Jackson
In delhi traffic level is more
the command is confirmed.
Do they offer takeaway?
play the romanitc songs
whwn is christmas according to the calendar?
How many pesos will $100 get me?
PDA: Save this channel on Pandora please
Tune into this radio station
Can you play songs about breakups?
Send an email to mom,  Subject, weather.  Body, what is the weather like there this week?
Please add practice on Feb 4 at King's Park at 2 p.m.
Save all of my preferences information specific to songs.
Put dinner with my sister on Saturday
Who is the most popular American actress?
appreciate the answers.
hey siri tell me a joke
i would like you to check instruction please.
that was cool, i appreciate it.
Check the status of my power usage
could you shut off.
play edm music
Please change the color of my lights, surprise me!
current forex rates
is this program is scheduled?
Check calendar for schedules or events
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
Send email to mom saying Happy birthday
Start the coffee machine at three.
define this
is euro the best currency to trade
what does my morning look like tomorrow?
Olly, tell me where Steve Jobs was born.
Should I close the window before I leave this afternoon?
Alexa, state the weather in our city
nope, you have done it all in wrong manner.
Please search the internet and display the suitable you tube videos for cooking Italian foods.
meeting the next day
is it snowing outside?
Where should I go for dinner in San Francisco tonight?
Ok Google, did Angelina Jolie leave Brad Pitt?
we should play nfs at high speed
need info
hmm, not correct response.
paly the playlist
dammit, i think incorrect response.
what hour now
email <unk>
play sam harris please
When is financial meeting scheduled?
the news from cbs alexa
Please check the trending topics on Twitter.
Look up economy in the dictionary.
email update
List and play all songs by given artist.
Remove a list of things to buy
tweet that product sucks
shit, this was not what i am looking for.
Buy a train ticket to Cleveland for April 14th
Turn the living room lights to 100%
Start playing Ringcast
Please remind me at 8'O clock
Play the song @
Veganism
Turn off the smart socket
Add 'meet with Dave' at Subway on Weber on 4 April at 5pm.
Is there any reminder which is most urgent
you've done the task incorrectly.
Sharukh khan tweets
Tell me all events for today in my city
Tag this song with 5 stars
Time difference between UK and US
would you repeat.
Stock prices at Walmart?
Set me a meeting next Tuesday at 11am with Jesse.
Will the weather today be cloudy
i was not clear about your answers.
tell me who the senders of my emails.
When is my order arriving.
Meaning of enthusiastic
ah it's great one.
i'd like to hear that message spoken again.
reply 'thank you' to john
you are my hero, thanks.
uh no, you gave me wrong information.
PDA, Please book me a taxi/Uber
please check my appointments
Can you play the instrumentals of
remove last played song
Can you cook something special for me and my wife?
Remind me to pick up the laundry next Monday
you've understood my instructions exactly.
that's enough, stop it.
Set a reminder in one hour for my bread to bake.
Is there anything special going on nearby?
Music, led Zeppelin, houses of the holy
Mute sound
Is the coffee ready
command was confirmed.
Email George Brown
Activate the wemo plug socket
Mute your Android phone when you arrive at work
Where is Fallout Boy performing next?
Please make a reminder for Friday at 6 p.m.
when is elvis birthday
would you again elaborate please.
then tap OK.
olly i want you cancel it.
what is rock?
What is today's weather?
How is the meta likely to shift with the next set of MTG
Please look up exchange between US and Mexco
Give me the driving directions from faripir to gurpur
Please add johndoe@yahoo.com to my contact list.
yeap great response.
you didn't do what i said.
Are there any fun things to do in Seattle this weekend?
Did Charlotte responded?
Add paper towels to the grocery list.
This is a good tune, please notate file accordingly.
Olly play the podcast of barack obama saved in device
that's good one, thank you very much.
yeah you have got your understanding perfectly.
that was cool,.
please make a coffee
Order two cheeseburgers from Wings & Ale on University Drive.
quieter
What can I do tonight in the city?
find radio
yeah you've got that perfectly.
what I like today
Make my iroomba clean the living room.
Go to Sirius and play the hip-hop channel
tell me more about the concert on Friday's night
what are the lists I have?
What's going on
check celebrity where abouts
Start the satellite music feed.
that's cool, i appreciate it.
Add to the calendar a reunion event for this afternoon
Olly, recommend a romantic comedy in my area
What's the exact time we get food delivered once we place an order for food.
Can you open the reply box?
lindafancy55@gmail.com
please explain me more on your answers.
Find me the distance and direction by train to RCCG in Ikoyi Lagos?
Current news CNN
Generate fresh list.
Skip
that's not what i wanted to see.
How warm is it in Columbus, Ohio?
send a tweeter complain
Please, cancel all my events for today
are you sure that is correct.
Olly, get me a local restaurant.
i would talk to you later on.
Order pizza for delivery.
Add new email address and send email
switch off the power
Is traffic to work clear?
PDA, do I have anything going on this Saturday between 2 and 4pm?
What is 3 times 7
I would like to hear the song Aces High
Play me a random song from my playlist.
Play Duncan Trussel's latest podcast.
Turn the speakers down to 5%.
I want to hear a joke.
Set a reminder to notify me 1 hour before lunch meeting
<List all of my alarms>
Are there any reminders set for today?
I need directions to Lowes in Mount Holly, NJ
Notify me when my rent due?
Olly what will the weather be like on Saturday?
set a birthday event for martin
what do you mean by saying it.
Describe the general topography of central park.
Tell me what 1 plus 1 is
Remind me to go to my meeting tomorrow
yeap correct response to command.
what are the estimated temperatures this afternoon
What is your best joke
play alex jones in radio
Start Dune from where I left off.
tweet that there was an insect in the chocolate packet
keep playing secret garden
With whom do I have appointment today
Play for me the channel Star sports
Give me the number to mom.
is there a contact named Allen in my list
i am sorry but that is not the right answer.
what rohan have to say about marriage when he meet me today.
that's not what i was looking for.
please could you speak once more.
Remember to fix a meeting between me and the players tomorrow evening by 7.
I would like my PDA to ask me questions back for an answer.
tell me the contact details of my brother
Send an email to Ms. Palmer, ask her if Dean turned in his last homework assignment.
that's awesome job, thank you very much.
you showed me the wrong results.
Keep me updated on stock market prices.
show awards of rihana
Remove item 4
please can you try what you've just said once again.
Enable wemo
Tell me the deepest sea in the world
that's cool, thank you so much.
sorry but i think it is not the right answer.
i don't get this.
What are the train times to Chicago?
yeap strongly agreed.
you have done it correctly thanks, olly.
would you please confirm that.
Play my last used playlist
Remove meeting at dubai
Please play the radio.
Send complaint via tweet to J Crew.
Play my favourite podcasts.
Is it currently raining in New York City
Tune to
Remind me an hour ahead of 4pm that the happy hour for marlows on colonial is from 5-6
What will the weather be in Chicago today?
recent particular subject news
What is the current show with the maximum viewers choice on television
Make a coffee
Siri, cancel yoga alarms
thanks, it's awesome work.
add milk to the grocery list
turn off audio
Google, what is the temperature outside?
Remember this music
please tell me once more.
Play Shane Dawson podcast
The song you are playing is amazing
your understanding was confirmed.
New news, tech
you've done that right, olly.
shit, that isn't what i was looking for.
I would like my PDA to alert me of the weather every morning
Olly, please speak up.
Will the fast food shop at the corner open today?
is yemen closer to japan or india
find food and order
can you please check and confirm the detail.
i would like you cancel.
Change the colour to red
Please book a train ticket from Jodhpur to Jaisalmer on Sunday.
you did excellent job,, olly.
Today was stressful
What clothes store would you recommend here?
tell exchange rate of pound
use shortcut
Check my mail for new email
send email to rohan to meet me today at evening.
dammit, wrong command.
Olly book a ticket to Paris on eurostar at 5pm this friday
How long will be the duration of the event?
radio 102.7
Latest technologies/gadgets
sorry but you did not instruction the request right.
olly can you please shut off.
what is 2 times 2
clear haircut today
will you rephrase me about your answers further please.
Latest updates on Syrian Civil War
What does my calendar look like for the next week?
Print kids train ticket for this Thursday
yeap amazing response to the command.
Does restaurant have takeaway?
Set an alarm for 1 hour from now
new to list
Olly, launch Pandora and play 'thumbprint radio'
What features are you going to add in the future?
sorry but it was not the right response.
Lets converse on the subject.
stop and try what i've just said once more.
thanks but i think that's not right response.
Should I go through the valley or on the 10 to get to Westwood?
which pole is colder, south or north?
Book ticket for (location) by train
what you just said was not clear to me.
Tweet a complaint about poor drainage system
that's useful, thank you, olly.
yeah perfect response.
Have I got any reminders in my calendar?
you have done that right musch appreciated, olly.
could you explain me about the last sentence again please.
events today
Can you please tell me the current weather condition
May i know whats at location 1258745
Clear event
Play dev43 song by frubs artist
Add picture to facebook.
Let's play some pong
Provide me the world latest news
tell comment
I have some ____. How do I prepare this?
lets correct the sentences
On the other hand, there may be added costs involved in getting your kitchen up to Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture (PDA) sanitary standards, and working at home will definitely impact your familyjust ask any successful entrepreneur.
Are there any pharmacy store nearby?
Change lights to red
whats the weather like in chicago
Please play Candle in the Wind.
open songs from Major Lazer
you've done that correctly.
Is it going to rain on Friday?
Send email to my brother
Cancel my meeting on the fourteenth.
you've done that right i appreciate it, olly.
Please, turn off the lights
Play this audiobook for me.
you did great job, musch appreciated.
remove all the reminders from the calender
play npr on this station
Don't respond for 50 seconds
Want to play never have I ever with me?
Send email to boss to meet for performance review
What will be day on 15th March
Shut off the lights in the bedroom
play scabble with me
thanks but i think you have messed up with my command.
Who is singing this?
Please set a reminder for me to 'something' in 'sometime'
tweet complaint to @
wemo plug socket turn on
set feeling happy status on facebook
Clear my calender
pls turn off the lights in bedroom
What alarms have been set for me?
what lists are available?
did you get detail correctly?
What is the current mountain time
what is 123X 123
i appreciate it, it's good one.
Turn on the coffee pot.
i need to mute the speaker
Get me train times to location from station
Please defined about printing works.
What movies is out there in the local cinema?
It is 9:00 here. What time is it in California?
Play it after 5 minutes
Please tell me what is the time in sanfranscio.
Better day tommorrow
hey siri have you heard any funny jokes lately
sorry but got me incorrect.
How cold will it get each night this week?
delete calendar item
Cortana, are there any good social events happening in my area?
Just see for me the alarms that you have set today morning.
Can you increase the brightness in the room?
CUT THE SONGS IN THIS MUSICS
Please turn up the volume to 21.
How about a nice game of chess?
Save my music preferences
Compose an email that says.... and send it to....
Please play Top Country.
Tweet Kohls about the cleanliness of their store
i have no idea regarding to what to choose.
Do I need a coat?
Please send email to Liz
How much money did Bill Gates make
try to play old 90's classic music
Play Compassionate Cook episode 23
What's the latest on the judicial hearings?
What time does the first train depart from Chicago?
what are the latest prices of the stocks
what's the change in best buy stick.
yes you've understood my instructions perfectly.
i do not bother, olly.
What's a good joke?
Can you pause the audio
Delete all read sms from sms list
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY TEMPLE RUN GAME FOR ME.
confirm what i just said.
Open takeout menus
Are there any concerts this week?
What is happening in the bussiness world
look up the number of people living in miami florida
What did Jeff post on the yard sale page?
s2, can not understand your answers.
When am I busy this month?
can you add this event with karl?
Tell my facebook group that I've arrived.
take it in hand
create a reminder for my exam tomorrow
Tell me the direction to Miami from Chicago.
anything would be okay for me.
my review
nano technology
Compile favorites list according to my song feedback
Call the nearest thai restaurant with delivery
Is there any party on my calendar for this weekend?
detail for stock price
Where is a good wine bar near me?
AM or PM
on 3rd april we will go to watch jolly llb movie set it
Waiter at Outback was rude
What's the band is playing now?
Read out my shopping list for today.
by main power off
what you said was not so clear to me.
please would you tell me again.
Add wedding to my claendar
What time is it in Chicago right now?
Olly, how much is a stock of Apple worth?
please modify the incorrect command.
Shazam this music
How do I cook butter chicken?
where is a good place to eat cheap Pakistani food
find me some talk back radio
Start BBC radio.
thanks for your answers.
Is it snowing in California?
Where can I get something to eat by the art museum?
Do I have anything scheduled for March 7th?
book me the cheapest train ticket to new york
Find me the best knock knock joke on the internet.
latest news story
What's on my grocery list?
I had a good day today.
it's cool, musch appreciated.
Turn off room lights.
olly i would like you just stop it.
yeap excellent response to command.
i couldn't get what you've said.
you've done it correctly i appreciate it.
Say a good joke for me right now
Pleae play me the Michael Jackson song again
date today?
Check to see if Pizza Hut has my order on the way.
Book me a train for the next available train.
I want to Dance to the tune of Raghu Dixit
How old is Jim Carrey?
you are the best, thank you so much, olly.
Please turn the lights on.
facebook info
Read that back
Email my meeting details to my manager
What's the time now in New Delhi?
play a song from my favourites.
start music
Olly, can we listen to Reply All podcast
Alexa, send mom the following email
How often does the train arrive and depart from Penn Station?
OLLY, SEND BOB AND EMAIL
Describe a potato.
melody
Olly, name me some current events in the Bay Area.
I would like to reply to Sarah's email.
Erase @ from list
Brighten the lamp next to the sofa
What is the total number of islands in the United States?
i will speak slowly so you can find the correct answer.
Can you upload my latest selfie in my instagram?
Lower battery consumption to save setting.
Can you delete the not so important events?
how high is the quality of this stone
Tweet the president and tell him he's doing a horrible job.
Confirm a movie ticket at Glory theater
fantastic response.
Turn on my alarm
Do the Knicks have a game at home tonight?
you get it correcly.
you don't get me.
Do I have any events today
Find me a description of morel mushrooms.
s2, i could not quite catch up with you.
it's awesome, thanks.
what is <unk> euros in u. s. d.
Wemo socket on
What are the main news stories on the LA Times now
Echo, play Children's Music
Start my favorite music
i have no idea about what to choose, olly.
What year did this song come out?
what is the definition of a galaxy alexa
Open Audible and continue playing the book that I was listening to.
let's try again please.
Olly, what's next on my list?
exact response to command.
play my iTunes music
i do not quite catch up with you.
oh no, you have done that wrong.
please provide geographic information about X
i am sorry but i think that was not the right command.
Find me any news from SO CLEAN the last 6 hours?
would you again rephrase me on your words please.
Please play the song Games by Disturbed
directions to the target on i-40
add TAL meeting this thursday to calendar
Please alert me when John emails me
divide 76 in two parts
Get me a recipe
Turn down the lights
clarify last sentence once again to me please.
Give me the idea of current traffic condition
Hey Google can you save next Monday night for my date with Carl.
please check command.
s1, please elaborate further on your answers.
yeap right response to the command.
Remove the upcoming calendar event
would you check and confirm the detail.
I would like to listen to this mornings Mike and Mike podcast.
Check my spam email for phishing.
I don't like this light. Please show me other options
what did you say in the last conversation.
Please put all the lights
PDA, Do all my chores so I can take a nap.
Whatsapp
can you please clarify me about this further.
Speak louder please.
unset all alarm which is seted
Enter new address in email form.
PDA, Geography Please?
button
joke of the day
Please invite Kim, Marc, and Julian to a meeting on thursday at 3pm
What is the current exchange rate for Yen to Euros?
What is the time in Zimbabwe right now
create a complaint to sonic drive-in
please check and confirm the command.
Who is Obama?
Tell me items that are on my shopping list
Latest news on traffic at my current location.
Where does Tom Hanks live?
will you shut off.
please check detail.
what is the rate of INR
Robots working at jobs
Start a new grocery list.
What is there to do in NYC?
Set a weekly appointment reminder.
tell me the movie with best IMDB ratings going on in theatres near me
yeah confirmed.
set a notification on 3rd march about company meeting
i would not mind for any one, olly.
My weekly plan
show geographic location of piramids
Will you send the email to Greg?
Update me on the Standing Rock protest.
let us try the last spoken again please.
it is not what i just requested.
open temperature
Remove that from my list.
I want to hear the radio Olly.
Please remind me about the meeting with Julie at 5 pm this evening.
Write an email for john@gmail.com
Light Green
How far is Walmart from here?
latest updates
i would like you just stop it.
play bob dylan playlist
Send email to Yulia
can you shut up.
Give me my reminders for this week?
what is this
Are there any emails in regard to my promotion?
please repeat that.
All RCCG March event is to be added to my calender
PDA please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing.
What traits would be on a moral inventory?
I want to hear something <insert genre>
check last thing i said please.
Remind me if I miss my evening walk routine
what are my new emails
Please alert me on Friday at 8:00 am to go to the gym.
shit, that isn't what i wanted.
you are awesome, thank you very much.
will you just stop it please.
Turn the vibrate off from speaker
Minimize the light power
olly please could you cancel.
play the the sweet song on radio
Where is the closest kroger?
open <unk> mhz
Olly, set a reminder for my meeting today.
yeah you understood my instructions exactly.
What are the pending reminders?
you understood command exactly.
Remind me to wash the windows.
Call Yellow Cab
i'd like you cancel it.
Olly read my lists to me
Can i make back home without a traffic jam.
Put an alert in my calendar every week.
DEA: Guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
this was not what i wanted.
go to next
do I need a hat today
list upcoming pop albums
i'd like to hear that again.
I have to be in hawaii for this upcoming event, can you add this?
have any suggestions for local Italian food
please do not talk for 30 minutes
Where is New Zealand located on a map?
Tell me what's trending on Twitter.
Add event to calendar
look for a joke
Who sang the song that is currently playing?
i want the light to be switched off.
Change the volume
yeah right response to command.
how long to get downtown.
define word
How many recent emails have this sender or subject line?
Email Jake a calendar invite for dinner on Sunday
prepare coffee
music
Please tweet a complaint about slow service at Applebee's
Go forward one episode.
I hate this song, do not play it again
What movie is this song from?
What do we have on NYT's front page
Olly, what movie are playing  near me?
would not mind for any one, olly.
can you book me a train ticket  to bombay for tommorow in any train?
What is Frieda's home address?
it is of no importance for me, olly.
yeah you have understood my instructions perfectly.
please can you just stop.
Any recent mails?
couldn't get that.
check mails
Turn off the light in the kitchen
Can you tell me if I have any new emails?
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
when is the next appointment on my calendar
no, i didn't ask for this response.
I need to set an alarm for next Friday at noon.
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
kill item
start a list
can you please update me the time?
have no idea for which to choose, olly.
would not really mind, olly.
Olly tell me where I can go shopping in this area?
Is it sunny today?
Email co worker about work project
What is the traffic situation right in Broadway street?
save the information which is provided by aman on this song.
Let me know if there is a town meeting Monday.
Play me the top 100 radio channel.
Playlist with the song 'Clementine '
please will you explain me more on what you've said.
Weather forcast
do i have any new inbox message ?
you are awesome,.
you helped a lot, appreciated.
what is the height of monali thakur
I want a coffee now.
what alarms are currently set
Add eggs to the list
Olly, what's playing at Brea Plaza five?
what is the nearest vegan restaurant?
NEXT MONTH MY BROTHERS BIRTHDAY
Please tweet that my diapers are falling apart to Pampers.
what the tube like to jersey PDA?
Tell me this week's weather.
whats with my dinner order?
Check and delete span emails for the last week
Is it going to snow this weekend here?
make coffee at 8 a.m.
Remind me every morning at  7AM to take my vitamins.
Turn off the lights in the bathroom
Send this song to my favorites
find meaning of this in dictnery
Uber me to the airport
How many euro make $1000?
What is the email address for Tessa?
Do you know the ETA of my order?
Dim the lights in the bathroom
Olly, today was too busy
alarm
can you please clarify me further on what you've just said.
Play hip hop music please.
Olly, list me the remainder of things left on the list.
What is the going rate for Wells Fargo stock?
that's not what i just said.
I really want to go to Keiv. Is there any good events there in April?
Can you show me a list of all my recent commands?
Olly cancel business meeting on wednesday
speaker volume decrease
Give me the latest population statistics for Donald Trump
Has Sarah posted anything today?
it's cool, thank you.
Can you eat sweet potato greens raw?
i have my clothes list
anything is good to me.
will you confirm it.
olly I need you to put walk the dog on my list to do
What's the exchange between USD and CAD?
Add new item
I want to order Chinese takeout.
that's great work, thank you so much, olly.
What's the latest news?
Please defined about internet.
Show me my alarms
after this song put on metallica
Google find any alarms I have set for today.
Olly, schedule my doctors appointment on friday at 2 PM.
Can you make this event repetitive?
i'd like you confirm it please.
choose music player
What is Jill's home phone number?
pls add a birthday party on saturday evening
how many sunday having this month?
PDA what the time difference from here to Ottawa?
which restaurant is there in shivaji nagar
Iphone 7 descritpion
What is the weight of an elephant?
Clock time
s1, will you please explain me more on last sentence.
any one would be ok with me, olly.
Play a live version of Elton John.
Shuffle and play the playlist
What is the current date?
Give me Charles telephone number.
what is the time in boston
Play the Neal Brennan episode of Wait Wait Don't Tell Me
Look for train tickets to <city> tomorrow
Can I get some background music?
How many e-mails today?
would you please shut off.
exactly.
this was not the correct response.
remove my grocery list
did you get my last command correctly?
prepare email for susan
nope, this was not the right response.
Is it supposed to rain tonight?
will you rephrase me about your response once again please.
Is it going to rain in Manhattan today?
Repeat Earth song
How many calories are in a 1/2 cup of peanuts?
Remind me to go to dinner with Dave on friday at 5:00PM
What is the latest traffic report for Miami.
cancel please.
Please turn on my music.
wouldn't mind to choose any one.
Whts going on in Hollywood
thanks for answer.
i would not bother, olly.
Hey what's a book?
Email Donna, plans for today?
i would like to hear what i've said again.
Can you start FM 89.0 radio channel
What is Terranova stock going for
How much time is a train to there
Google save all the songs I have listened to more than once.
Call Linda and remind her to pick me up for bowling
Where is my appointment with doctor next week?
my micro oven is not working properly lodge this complaint on snapdeal tweeter handler
really don't mind, olly.
display my lists
what are my to dos?
answer for 3x4
Mute for 2 hours.
Please tell me what day this event reminder is set for.
Please use shuffle
Read me the email from Mom, including the subject.
Please remind me of
I want to know the news form Miami Herald
Play the audiobook swan from first
put on the vacuum on now and clean the living room
Recipe for 'meal'
you rock, i appreciate it, olly.
find weather report
Make a repeating reminder for my work tasks every day at 8am
Do I have any appointments tomorrow afternoon.
please clear the list
Hey, I would like to know some key facts about X
Find a recipe for chicken alfredo
Play for me Madonna song from audiobook
Are there any roadblocks, olly?
What is the animal with a duck bill and a beavers tail?
it's confirmed.
new address
Remember that this song is depressing for me. Please don't play it during the winter days.
olly will you cancel please.
Ok Google, set meeting for Mar 30, 2017 at 9 am
Good restaurants
Read me the latest international news.
would like to know the alarm you sent
Olly, find me the cheapest train ticket to Spain.
Tweet consumer service that the goods are of low quality.
What is going on with blank?
What is on this specific list
Play all Indie pop songs.
10.02.2017
set to mute
open times of India
put that song in my favourite list
yes you've got your understanding perfectly.
delete my list
What is the lowest Microsoft stock price today
Is it the 29th already?
pls add list of friends to invite for the party
Tweet at Youtube saying...
tweet complaint to customer care
read me any new messages in my email
Remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
tell me about the cheapest flight fares to NJ today
i wish this event to be removed from my calender
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
oh no, i think you have done a task wrong.
Activate the vacuum
shit, you made a mistake, please correct this.
Add something to my list.
When can I expect my Chinese takeout from Fortune Garden?
Show me the current date today
I need to subscribe to the newspaper.
create new contact
Play the sports station
Will there be any snow next week?
What day is the meeting on?
what is ten times ten
Domino's Pizza consumer service complaint
will you please check and confirm my last instruction.
yeap wonderful response to command.
Tell me about Barack Obama.
What is a good way to make turkey meatballs?
yeap answer was confirmed.
how many (currency) in ____ usd
Find my wife.
Olly, what is the best tasting cut of beef?
did you get last thing i said correctly?
what is the meaning of this word
reply yes to this
please can you check my last question.
show rihanas bio
Domino's delivery status.
currency to currency rate
convert 1 US dollar to british pound
Isn't Keith Urban wonderful
fast and the furious
Add this event to my calender
Play a Jimi Hendrix song.
can you invite mr. Chen for a meeting next Monday 6:00pm?
do it some other way.
Alexa, tell me calendar event for tomorrow.
i think you have gotten it incorrectly.
how to repeat the song
Echo, remove my bedtime alarm
What kind of weather should I expect this week?
sorry but i think you've gottten that wrongly.
Order me some chipotle
say it once again please.
play last libertarianpodcast
Who was the last person to email me ?
i like R n B
can you speak once again please.
you are helpful, thanks.
cnn news
will you say once again.
Remind me to take my medicine every day at 7PM for the next two weeks.
Please share up to the minute details on Sprint.
mel gibson
delete my next calendar event
Where can I go tonight?
Olly, do you know what a joke is?
play podcast episode new
Play some country music
Please turn on the wemo plug socket
Please remove my next event
do not understand what you just said.
Please delete list titled KICKBALL.
one more time again please.
Locate Jen's most recent email so I can reply
On October 1st at 2pm lunch with Ann
put xxx on the list
Start my robot vacuum cleaner
consequences to actions
turn on robot vacuum cleaner
Olly, what do I have next to do
Shutoff light in the kitchen
Show me the date of today
i'd like you confirm the question please.
please can you tell me that word said once again.
Wish birthday
PDA, post to Twitter: Trump is such an ass.
i am sad
YOU WERE BRING AN NEW SCHEMES
Send hi in watsapp to vikki
yeah good response.
turn on the smart charger
Order 1 burger
clear my calender all events
delete the vacation things to do list
The weather predictions you gave me are for the wrong city, I want to know the temperature where I am at.
thank you for your answer.
Dim the lights
show map
PDA tell me how to stretch before running.
Did i recieve emails from this person
Please turn the lights down.
Where is the nearest Target
Turn off porch light.
Is it going to rain in the next few days in Tucson?
I want to listen to the podcast of the Super bowl this past year.
How is the traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas today?
do not mind to select any one.
can you elaborate me further on what you just said please.
How long do you cook a whole chicken on 350?
may I have a list of 5 star hotels in Paris?
Our water bill was too high
make me coffee in 5 minutes
What are the tallest mountains in America?
Can I wear jeans comfortably this afternoon?
PLAY THE PROGRAMES IN THIS REQURIED PDA'S
you've done that right musch appreciated, olly.
Delete the wedding on the 10th from my calendar.
should i wear a coat to the pool
PDA name: set my calendar for an alarm at 5pm tuesday
I want to listen to Electric Slide
PDA: What's 1/2 cup plus 2/3rd cup
Tweet to Amazon about late delivery of my TV
What is the best hardware store near me?
Put on station x
how much btaxes
s2, couldn't get that.
what do i have going on next friday?
musch appreciated, it's perfect.
Clear list, things to do this weekend.
i want you to check what just said please.
olly please would you shut off.
alexa play from my last session of joes book.
Schedule a sales meeting for Wednesday at 11am
please save that song
please fact check {statement}
please let me know about topic X
Checkout today alarm of meeting.
Send email to new email address
what is the song playing?
what is 0/0?
delete this email
Make a note on my to-do list to call the realtor.
Tell me Lexmark's current stock price.
please try the last one you said once more.
well done, thanks, olly.
appreciate the response.
Please set up a meeting with Jonh for Monday.
Alarm if any new reply from the boss
Next train to Orlando
What is the scorecard of the India versus Australia Hockey game?
fantastic work, you've done well.
suggest a good genre movie that came out recently
olly set the lights on blue
What is johncena
Can I get a recap on the latest news going on in the world?
New email message, to Robert Peck, Late from work, send
Is Narendra Modi, the indian prime ministe rvisiting any country now
tell me the last spoke one more time.
Go to last episode of Her Story.
Have I received emails from Sarah?
it isn't what i am looking for.
thanks but you are wrong.
What's the famous Monty Python joke about the bird?
i would like to hear the last one again.
it was wonderful.
GMT Time
Please send the following email to Uncle John: Yes, I will be there.
I WANT TO LISTON ARIJIT'S SONGS, PLZ TUNE THAT.
i didn't ask for this.
increase light
Add to calendar Rick's birthday party on Feb 29
Please play me something from the Foo Fighters
shut down.
I need to be cheered up right now. Can you tell me a good joke?
what is the address for the event scheduled on the 1st of January alexa?
Raise the volume of the current music
please remind me the birthday of my uncle Joe, every may 4th?
Show me the customer service number for Mcdonalds.
can you try the utterance you said one more time please.
Echo, have I received any emails from my mother?
Add an event at 123 mainstream way for wednesday morning
play sword art opening
What's going on in the world?
give the time in Dubai
olly that is all, cancel it.
do it again please.
today i got rewards Olly
speak your phrase spoke one more time please.
what is the difference between roman and grigorean calendar
What is new in politics today? Can you filter out Trump news though?
Rm -rf calendar
yeah you've got my instructions perfectly.
Begin vacuum cleaning
When is (musician) next touring?
tell me once again please.
Robot, vacuum the living room now
Send an email to mom asking for a weather update on the week to come.
Please delete bananas from my shopping list.
Remind me to pick up Mark at the airport at 6pm.
Is there room on my grocery list for an extra item?
Olly tell me where the local shopping district is.
yeah that's confirmed.
its not possible
Notify me when this meeting is close.
it does not really matter for me.
Book a taxi to airport for me in the evening
find list and remove apple
Olly get me a train ticket to atlanta
let me know what is remaining on my query
Send email to <email address>
What does pro-bono mean?
Give the Definition of Motivation
what's going on in Congress
elaborate further on this please.
Chang the ight colors.
it's great work, i appreciate it.
PDA! Ask my friend hows the climate there.
Please skip to the next podcast episode.
Who is the contact that last called me.
tell me that once again.
Olly, what is the highest temperature for this week?
oops, it was not the correct response.
Shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please.
send email to jerry about the meeting
i think olly's response is not right.
you have done that correctly, olly.
add pencil to school supplies list
turn off smart lamp in den
What's the weather supposed to be like on Wednesday?
check what i just said.
Is there any rain in the forecast for the next week?
Set my alarm for 6:30 in the morning tomorrow
Show Directions to Pondy
Siri, what time is it in Denver?
Has Mike sent me an email
Define Rumplestiltskin.
When it is 9:00 in the East, what time is it in the West?
Jonathan wants to meet up Sundays at eleven. Can you remind me Saturday night every week?
that's cool, musch appreciated.
What day is December 13th?
erase my appointment with ted
how old are you?
Olly, Where can I got to grab some drinks in west chester
please activate my vacuum cleaner.
can you please check the detail.
start some music, play the radio
Is this week a payday week?
how much rain can I expect on date?
off the plug
When is the school dance junction marked
i'd like you just stop.
play a rai music
Play John Fugelsang's show on Serius
make the lights pink at the house
this is too bright
What's the news?
Who did I email recently?
Play music in Queue
Olly, do you have any local news?
What do I have going on this morning between 10-12.
did you receive this person email?
Send to Sandy J....unable to make it to lunch today can we reschedule?
Send Golden Taxi to pick me up as soon as possible.
you are the best, appreciated.
let's try it once more.
Olly play Believer
What do you think I should have for breakfast?
find a recipe that uses ground beef and zucchini
could you please further explain.
send an email to my manager
please explain how you use a computer.
please remind me my doctor appointment on 13th July?
Can you tell me how to measure my shoe size?
COMPARE USA AND OTHER COUNTERS
Have a taxi pick me up.
you've done that right thank you so much.
Title of song
What stations are playing good music this morning?
AN GRAPHICAL IMAGES EFFECTS TO BE REQURIED
Alexa, Send the mail to Robert about his availability on saturday
Let me know about my meetings after some days
thanks but i think got me wrongly.
you've done a task all in wrong manner.
are there any new emails from Robert Jones?
celeb news
Please find a email from my friend, Tiffany
Any signs of rain?
that's nice job, thank you so much.
Can you please create a list for me
How many people live in Takjistan?
Can i pick up my large order at pizza hut?
What day of the week is 25th
could you tell me the last one you just said again please.
you are my hero, musch appreciated.
Cortana, play a song by Paramore.
Science fiction
Book a train ticket from Washington DC to Savannah Georgia
humor me
What day & time is it in Manila?
Have Bing's stocks dropped?
you have done it right i appreciate it, olly.
s2, last sentence was not clear.
you did all wrongly.
Have I received new emails?
wonderful response to command.
What does hesitant mean?
What is the time in <insert city>
How long was Bryan Cranston on breaking bad?
Create a new reminder at 3pm
What year did Tim Burton divorce Helena?
delete my 'to do's for this week
Can you tell me how to get the answer to (specific question)?
What year did Robin WIlliams pass away?
oops, i think this was not the right response.
would you say that once more please.
Olly, tell me the most recent news from CNN.
What's the weather like in Sydney?
i need to hear your sentence again.
hey olly what has been happening interesting in sports lately
the joke of the day
yes fantastic response to the command.
Meeting with Joanne in 10 minutes in the conference room
Tell me about the federal budget
Bypass certain passwords
that's fantastic work, appreciated, olly.
Play my favorite music right now
Is Meryl Streep an actress or singer?
play a mix of rap and rock, one after the other
you did it perfectly.
How many miles is it between Illinois and Louisiana alexa
what's worth watching?
are there trump updates
I need to see my list
Sports Scores
Shut down the plug
i need to turn the lights down
Check my social notifications
Reminders
Are there new emails in my inbox?
Order some fried chicken from Church's Chicken via Grubhub.
run vacuum cleaner
read me the news from nsnbc alexa
Remove the excel file from the list
Olly, commence coffee making.
send a reply email 'thank you very much' to john@gmail.com
Save this song as a favorite
What is the weather like in Brooklyn right now?
Can you add Gloria to my list of clients?
Is the weather calm today
geography melbourne
music please!
will you retry that command spoke.
vacuum the house olly
s2, your words is not clear to me.
on amazon tweeter handler tweet a complain about quality of my jeans
Play racing
Delete my calendar.
hows the time in key largo?
Who is the person behind the song of Taylor Swift Back to December?
Show me my events for the month
thanks but i think you got me incorrectly.
s2, i am unclear about this.
did you watch the news about the car accident that happened last night
Go to channel 106.9
Tube was super busy today
hey siri cancel whatever is scheduled next on my calendar
are there any events coming up
show traffic in ohio
Today is what day?
Tell me something about
Say about geography of London
will you confirm that please.
Olly, lets play tic tac toe
R&B music
I want to play the game of life with you.
I would like to listen to this programme on radio
What's happening in america?
can locate some gospel music
olly that is enough, just stop it.
Cortana, turn all lights on
whats the next train at westcombe park.
Play the next episode of this series.
olly what fun stuff can i do around here
what is the most concern issue in USA today and what can be done to deal with it effectively .
Play my radio station.
PDA look up this recipe for me
send email to Chris with following content
what did you mean by it.
What do I have to do on Monday?
@NikeSupport the shoes I bought last week already have a hole in the sole.
Remove all my calendar events
Please talk softer.
yeap right.
Resume War and Peace
Order the best priced General Tofu in Nyack
Give me music news.
What is the traffic situation at the bazaar highway
can you tell me the time of train which go to krishnarajpuram from bangalore
How bad is the traffic on Sunset Boulevard?
will you please further elaborate it.
stop, i think it's not the correct command.
ticket for bombay
what's today date ?
COULD YOU PLEASE BOOK A CAB FOR ME IN UBER FROM LA TO NY TODAY.
Resume my audiobook from the beginning of the last chapter I started.
Find me the recipe for a cake
oops, you have made some mistake.
Please add this email to my contacts
Raise the volume of my music player by 50%
What mail do I have?
you've done that right musch appreciated.
What creates buttermilk?
Kitchen Light off
please delete the next event on my calendar
i am unclear about the last sentence.
nobody knows by Pink
News articles on a particular subject
Subtract 60 from 244
will you tell me that once more please.
Find updates from Vicki's Facebook from Mardi Gras day
Show me the time now in Boston
who are your developers
Please tell me the weather.
oops, i think that is not the correct response.
Good afternoon
there was error.
What is included in the tour's list?
Remove Emma's birthday from events
Where is the nearest Italian restaurant?
Secure train passage for me on July 3.
can you do it again.
title?
euro usd?
Schedule a meeting with my colleague
Start reply
show me some vegan restaurants close by
that's wonderful, musch appreciated.
Turn up radio volume
can you stop please.
i don't care, olly.
The capital of Nigeria is what?
If it's ten pm in California, what time is it in Alabama?
Send an email to Julie that I can meet up with her on Saturday at 1PM
instructions to make a meal
this must be some mistake.
PDA check stock prices on this
Olly How do I cook a pasta?
What all goes into a red velvet cake?
inform about latest scheduled events near my locaion
play 97.1
What's the traffic this morning?
Reduce the brightness.
Thanksgiving Turkey cooking procedure in 5 sentences is what?
dictate email
Delete an last event reminder of 29/03/2017
what's the best chicken place near me
PLEASE BOOK A TAXI IN UBER FOR ME TO GO TO THE AIRPORT TODAY.
what is my age?
I want the email to be sent to my new email address, abc@gmail.com
Do I have any alarms set for tomorrow?
turn my audio higher
PDA, please compose a new email to coworker.
Has (sender) sent me any new emails?
Start playing X.
Let's play scrabble.
Play best hits from given artist,
nice to meet you
Will it rain tomorrow?
Alexa, remove the event from Monday.
Can you give me the latest sports news
Will the restaurant deliver the order ?
How is weather on such and such day.
wait, i think you're incorrect.
that's enough, stop.
Call a taxi to pick me up at work.
Next, play Summer Lovin'.
swimming
What is the number of food items on the list.
Format the calendar
PDA: Clear out the shopping list
Start radio and go to frequency on 104.8
What's for today?
Can you reply to Charlotte that I am going to be busy with the projects for next three weeks?
social info
what is the quickest route by boat to Japan
perfectly.
Plesae let me know the current time at London
Olly could you fix me some coffee
Pull up the headlines please
i am sorry but i think it's not the right answer.
Add this email to my address book.
How long does it take to get the train from Rome to Paris?
i think that's not right.
Please find today's forecast
s1, please will you again explain what you just said to me.
did you get question correctly?
1 dollar equals how much INR
Outlet on/off.
Add work out to the calendar for Monday through Friday from 5 to 6:00 a.m.
can you shut up please.
explain me further on your response please.
turn on 1027 webn
reduce the lights
Where is the nearest bookstore?
Current song playing, what is it?
add new items in the remainder list
Scan my inbox for any new emails from Robert.
Olly that last email needs to be answer asap.
Play music from my rock list
alexa start a match of chess
PDA please search for beginners guide to cooking
PDA: I'm back PDA, any new emails since I left?
Olly, how old is Tom Cruise?
can you check and confirm the question please.
Add the song to my favorites
thanks for reminding me, olly.
Dentist appointment today at 9 am
i don't really mind for anything.
play one more time
Olly what am I doing today?
delete {item} from list
fantastic.
look for new emails.
What is the definition of inchoate?
Hello how are you?
What is that event?
what's new on my Facebook account?
Can the lights be changed to...
Do I have any emails?
let's try what you have said again.
not, that is not correct, please try again.
I need a ticket on the train to New York City tomorrow
Who's playing the oboe on this piece?
Can you delete my shopping list.
find me a train ticket to boston
list upcoming events in newyork
that is useful, appreciated, olly.
What is the exchange rate between 100USD I'm pesos
What time does the train arrive in Sacremento?
could you please rephrase me further on your answers.
Switch off
What is on my calendar today?
Tell me the song that is currently playing.
what was that one more time.
play bluegrass music
Heading to gym..please post to Facebook.
PDA, how do I get to the mall?
Set up a meeting with Jack for Tuesday.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR POUND TO USD
i appreciate your response.
it's useful,.
Should I break out my scarf and mitts for tonight?
which date is today
Play last song from my favourite playlist.
centre of browsing
What is the time difference between eastern and pacific
load my playlist titled country favorites and play it
Cook me some oats
Shut the smart socket down.
PDA can you remind me to take the garbage out on Tuesday.
Please play folk music.
What's the best way to cook pasta?
How many calories did I burn between 3 and 5 today?
Olly, let me know if I get a message about the party from Jane
tv
s2, that was not so clear to me.
what new emails do I have form Amie.
create appointment to list
Describe texture
play Billie Jean next
Shuffle music.
record pb
I want to email....
Remove my appointment with my doctor on Saturday please.
do not really mind for whatever, olly.
evens please
stock prices of ...
what date is my anniversary
Olly New york time?
What is famous in indranagar
Add to calendar every year on May 2 is Mary's birthday
yes you've got my instructions perfectly.
anything will be good with me, olly.
please play the Mark Levin podcast
how big is the cosmos?
Can you start the coffee?
set alarm on 25th may at 5 pm
What year was Elvis born
would not mind to select any one, olly.
book a train ticket to Mumbai for tomorrow
Can you play the podcast from tomatojuice.com?
perfect response to the command.
that is enough, stop it.
confirm the order
sarasigmon123@gmail.com
Turn radio to channel 99.5
COULD YOU PLEASE GIVE ME THE BIRTHDAY OF MAHATMA GANDHIJI?
Ok Google, play audiobook {title}
What does (insert) mean ?
I need a recipe for spaghetti
Tell me about Mary S in my contacts
Let me see the latest in the news.
Can you remove remove 'buying eggs' item from my to do list?
Switch on the plug.
could not get that.
sum of five and two
what movies has neil walker done
when is sunset
Olly find me a bar in Cleveland open until 2am
Open Pandora, play Rock Station
expectations
PDA check info on someone
play my country favorites playlist for me
What is the time in the Pacific timezone?
dammit, i think you have done wrongly.
pleaze remove the the alarm which i set
Is it true the gym is 7 miles away
Set an alarm for 6:30 AM.
Could you please check the traffic to our home.
Will it be rainy day tommorrow?
where are Italian restaurants in my area
Resume a song from the audiobook by Madonna
yeap you have done the command perfectly.
10AM
Hi there, tell me latest updates of Times of India page in facebook.
uh no, you did not understand what i am searching for.
olly can you please shut down.
cooking recipe
Please remind me.
can you try what i just said again.
how far is it from New York to Japan
decrease volume
Show me the places where I was
i am sorry but you have messed up with my request.
contact detail of X
Read me a news article about Jeff Sessions.
please confirm detail.
alexa turn on PDR AM.
what about this joke?
solution for 81 divided by 9
Olly turn on Reply All podcast
PDA, tell me a place that has snow now
Order me something online
give me the list of all events coming up in the next month and set notifications for all of them
CHEAP THRILLS
where is the train station?
PDA: Whats the headlines from Bob's News
Tell me to go to the grocery store after work.
Check out if i got any email
Show me a funny joke.
Turn the bathroom lights off.
I have a sales meeting this Thursday at 7:00 AM please notify me and add to calander.
what's the time in Tokyo now
Tell me the current weather in New York city
Please delete everything from my calendar.
Find easy recipe for corn bread
PDA queue up YMCA
is my sister pregnant
Can you send an email to 234234@fsdfsd.com?
notify me about any festival occurring next month
IS THERE IS ANY NEW EMAILS
hmm, i did not say this.
What are the latest news?
replay the last utterance said.
Start audiobook again.
What dance move is the most attractive
Please give me the forecast for Chicago.
Off all type of active devices
Date of recording of the song playing?
PDA, I'd like to listen to Poker Face by Lady Gaga
Tell me my list names.
tell me any yard sales happening
Could you please tell me what the current time is?
XXX. Thats the song i would like you to play for me.
Remove my dinner event for tomorrow.
Dolly patrons background
What pubs are near the Metro station?
Is there any new jobs are relate to my qualifications
What new movies are good?
PDA start a new list for me.
Why are we here?
These lights are too bright please fix them
Olly, please set dinner plans at 7pm for every Friday in April.
Make Coffee
birthday
Book a meeting with Chelsea
Have you added a meeting with Tom tomorrow at 9 pm?
Does Brick Grill deliver
Checkout today set alarm of 10 a.m.
good job, you have done well.
Let me see cultural events for this weekend in Palermo neighborhood
Who is the current President of United States
Do you know about this lyrics?
remind me at 5pm
Am I going to need to bring an umbrella to work today?
Give me some dim light
Set alarm of every Tuesday of march month morning 8 a. m.
please change the incorrect command.
please tell few details about this person
could you check last thing i said please.
Create new calendar event
Play with me PDA.
PDA, delete my Dr. K appointment in March.
What is the value of pound in Rupees?
can you please explain more on last sentence to me.
Launch the radio
Play me this mornings show from 101.9.
yeap you've got command correcly.
How deep is the Pacific ocean?
In the following week repeat this event at 10 am every day.
Olly, tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horribe
thanks but i think it was not the right command.
yes exact.
list out
Can we deactive the socket
please check that.
Tell me the song track
Creat a new to-do list
Find and delete all of my weekend events with Evan Parker
Could you delete this event
open stock price for name
PDA what can you do?
sound cloud
would you confirm my last command.
Turn my lights to some random color.
add chives to my shopping list
How is the current stock price looking for Charmin?
check what said.
that is useful, thank you.
Olly, Is the temp really going to be 80 degrees on saturday?
How is rice prepared ?
All lights has to be turned off during the day.
PDA, could you reschedule my meeting?
Show me latest notifications
state the list i have
Turn off sockets
how do you cook a good burger olly
i think olly's command was wrong.
that is not the right location.
Book me a plane ticket
tell KOC on twitter at KOC your wait time sucks
Delete the next event on the calendar
sorry but it's not the right command.
weather this week
call me for this meeting
Remind me to get the mail in 10 minutes.
Get me latest updates from Facebook.
Tell me 10 mineuts before meeting
Whats the best way to france?
awesome work, you did well, olly.
music three
Please know that today I had a meeting with George
following podcast episode start
Olly, delete my birthday reminder for next week.
i would like to hear the statement you just said again.
store opinion  on song
anything would be good.
buy a train ticket
Tweet @mcdonalds your food sucks #nastyburger
Plesae let me know the alarm kept for Tuesday's meeting
send a tweet to dominoes about bad delivery
What's going on in the news?
Olly, what was Tom Cruise's last starring role?
thanks but i think you have me not correct.
retry it please.
Change house light colors to blue
Destroy all events.
whats the crime rate in Chicago
Who was the chief guest of the event?
complaint
hi to all
could you shut down.
Olly Hackernews
i am sorry but you do not get the command right.
Do I need a light or heavy jacket today?
list all the lists on this device.
please would you elaborate me further on your words.
weekend appointments
Tell me about UMF
what is your country?
doesn't really matter for me.
uhh no, i think that is not correct.
Whats the time now?
What's going on between 10a and 2 pm?
Read about Mary S
Trivia
Please set the alarm for
PDA, Remind me of the event in my calendar.
Please turn the station to 107.4
tweet a complaint to <unk>
add 'valentine's day' with her tomorrow
Tell me about the meetings over a period of time
I want the exact definition of school
play hip hop playlist
Increase the volume a bit
how is the traffic in MG road?
I like top 20 music.
Olly, pick up where we left off on Battle Royale.
It is too dark in here, increase the brightness of the lights.
Are there any events going on at the library this week?
progress from the last paused point of my audio book.
What degree is it outside?
in Calendar add this event with these people
you gave me not right information.
s1, please again elaborate me about your answer.
please delete my calender events
you did it exactly.
Which grocery stores have I mad a list with?
What's going on in new york
Hey Olly post my complaint to @Microsoft on Twitter
Do I have any meetings scheduled the weekend after next?
Send tweet via message to cardinal cafe and tell them their customer service is outstanding
what is infinity?
Is there a holiday on the 22nd?
Can you turn that down
any news from Agnes?
Notification regarding the new iphone release update
What day of the week does Christmas fall on this year?
Add car service to my list of things to do today
snooze
COULD YOU PLEASE CANCEL MY TRAIN TICKET.
I want to hear my rap playlist.
order takeout pizza from domino's for 7 p.m.
Remove aniversary event from my calendar
Olly, please add my meeting with Clara to my calender for this thursday afternoon.
What's a fuel rail injector?
that is unimportant, olly.
Send a tweet to Apple that their batteries drain too fast
Play san andreas game.
Play my summer jams playlist.
Do I currently have any alarms set?
Can u turn off wemo plug socket
Let me see my most recent emails
Play songs by ilayaraja artist
slow
check recent emails
i have no idea for what to do.
Could you tell me what today's date is?
Do you recommend any movies that are currently playing in my area?
What time is it in Central time zone?
have you made a mistake.
Google is my Thursday appointment with my dentist?
goodnight
Check me into home on Facebook
you rock,, olly.
Add Bubbles birthday to March 15
Tell company their service is bad
Brew me some coffee
Today was a very hectic day
Olly, how much are tickets at Wonder Works?
When does the next train leave for Atlanta.
never mind.
I would like coffee now
Tell me latest news around world.
Olly, find me the latest news right now
Play me the new podcast from NPR.
ARE THERE ANY DETOURS THAT I NEED TO KNOW ABOUT
Olly please purchase me a train ticket to atlanta
List items on my work list
Get me match highlights
Open twitter and tweet' bad service by online buying site. Waste of money'
Find me a chocolate cake recipe.
Turn on the radio on this channel
What does durian taste like?
do not mind for any one.
please can you confirm details.
Did you meet her?
Play Taylor Swift
what is the current eastern time
Has (sender) got in touch ?
open grocery list and add milk
What list is available for food products online?
Find me my dad's email address
please set event on Tuesday
Please do not speak.
could you just stop it please.
When can I pick up my order?
Olly, can you tell me the price of google stock?
whats this weeks weather
please send a mail to Mr. richard  stating that i going to met him on 1/2/2017 at 5 pm at this office.
Play mindsweeper with me.
oh no, i didn't say this.
would you shut down please.
what time is it right now?
Spotify
s1, explain me more on your answer please.
All new email messages
Olly if any new news comes out about the flood can you let me know right away.
this song is too length
Please book a taxi for me
What shape is a ball?
search the locality
you have done that right thank you very much, olly.
What is the exchange rate for pounds and USD?
please send to new email address listed
reminders for doctor visit
let us do it again.
Could you change the lights colour to green, please
Tweet my complaint about my truck to Consumer Digest.
i do not really mind for any one.
post my business on all my social media sites
i want you check that please.
s1, please clarify me about this further.
do not really mind.
How much Euros per USD today?
Switch on smart plug.
Look up etymology in google.
How old is Mariah Carey?
The 5pm train on Wednesday to Rockville, is it on time?
What's 13+14?
How many keys are on a piano?
read me back whats on my shopping list
What time does the Acme meeting start on Friday?
How do i figure women out?
I WANT YOU TO REMEBER ME TO TAKE MY RAIN COAT BECAUSE IT MAY RAIN.
is there a takeaway in __ restaurant
Olly, what's the sum of the two numbers 4 and 6
do i have any new tinder matches
get me to the nearest train station
play audio
Olly I want blue lighting
read new messages from my wife
stop, i think you don't get me.
Hello PDA, Beef up the volume little bit
what is going on in LA today?
perfect job, you've done well, olly.
Change channel to
What is 200 divided by 10
How long it lasted?
I have a birthday on monday, set the event.
Please turn on my coffee pot
Start Celine Dion songs
pls turn on all the outdoor lights
Give me a weather report for las vegas.
What is this week's weather like
Change song
inform motorola via tweet that their phones suck and my moto G five is not working properly
Alexa, turn off the Wemo socket in the kitchen.
For Facebook, write: Newly promoted manager for Hillstead!
how many languages does it know
I WANT YOU TO PLAY MY SOCCEER GAME FROM 5TH LEVEL.
play (program) on xmtune please
set a alarm for the day
Prepare a reply email to Mark.
i didn't quite catch that.
I want live music
WHAT IS THE LATEST MODEL OF BMW CAR?
favorite music
i would like you to check and confirm the detail please.
please change color of light to pinkish.
who is the current us treasury secretary
your scenarios on your PC and transfer them back to the PDA via the hot
Play 1999 by prince
Hey Olly, play me a popular hip hop song?
I want to post a status on Twitter.
Book a taxi
Remind me I need to be at the library a week from today at five.
make an alert for my birthday
Call the closest Mexican restaurant.
I'd like you to shut off my smart plug socket now, please.
Siri, turn the volume up
thanks for completing that.
What type of cheese do I need for my enchiladas?
clarify me further on last sentence please.
Please schedule a hair cutting appointment for 1:00 pm on Saturday.
How does a cheetah look?
Tell me summary forecast Microsoft stock forecast to 30 days ahead
What are the prices of train tickets to San Diego?
check new emails from jim
olly please stop.
My son was born today
Find new Trump articles but not from Fox News.
yeah right.
Search for more songs from the band
Can you tell me the next scheduled event?
what is going for tommorow
Open calendar schedule event, meeting
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
remind me about this tomorrow
find details about President Donald Trump
What is my email from Steve about?
tell me about city traffic
yes you have done the command correcly.
Should I wear a jacket?
Please reply to this email.
brighten the lights
Travel, book a train ticket
Please switch on my wemo plug socket.
can you confirm that please.
I need to wake up. Make me the strongest coffee you can make.
Tune 91.1 Suriyan FM on
road speed manoeuvres
check question please.
please clarify more on it to me.
If it is noon in Virginia, what time is it in California?
let us play cross-words
speak once again please.
PDA remind me about my biology test at FSU on friday,
find me a time for a meeting with Allen on tomorrow
Set a meeting for tomorrow
power <unk> on
Are there any events going on downtown tonight?
Where is my meeting?
Hello, what are you up to?
Play the first playlist
Play my book
Please schedule a meeting with Brian Billings in accounting
s2, i could not catch up with you.
i do not mind to select any one.
i would not bother.
Start playing my most recent podcast.
I wanna start skewing, how effective will it be
Check emails for unread emails from mom.
Can you put on my playlist of metal music?
PDA, turn the radio to kiss fm.
What time do I have my alarm set for tomorrow?
Is Elizabeth Taylor still alive?
Look up contacts
review
I also need to buy batteries AAA
will you explain me about what you have said once again please.
you gave me wrong information.
get command perfectly.
Tweet a complaint to comcast
Save settings
Send mail to Bubbles. I want to meet her tomorrow at 2 PM in office.
What is the definition of keen?
What do I have scheduled for next week?
What is the gross domestic product of US?
Take me to the Huffington Post website.
Add a lot of James Taylor, Joni MItchell and Cat Stevens to the playlist.
Let's play never have I ever.
alexa start from my last session of joes book
Alexa,  brighten the lights in living room.
play latest songs for me from the net
will you check the detail please.
Set the event to recur every week
create new list
what is your mood today?
Is the train time to a location long
July 3 calender
What are my plans for the month of May?
it was helpful,.
tweet bad day at Starbucks
Is there anything new happening in politics today?
what is the event name going in my area?
add an item to the list
great work, you did well.
i want you check the last thing i said please.
12.30pm already, you will have a meeting in 10 mins
please check it.
Explain the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
How old is Miley Cyrus?
yes you've understood my instructions right.
bing up my list
what's happening around me
Remind me of Rita's birthday 24 hours in advance
sorry but i think you have me wrong.
Olly, tell me the best excercises I should do to get a  6 pack in a week.
that's fantastic, musch appreciated, olly.
can you show me list of my appointment
Let me listen to the latest Lovett or Leave it podcast
Olly, what day is Easter this year?
Please open Chess Game, I would like to play with you
Play Raindrops Keep Fallin On My Head next please.
what's trending
Fill me in on stock symbol
Can you see if I have any new emails?
can you rephrase me on last sentence again.
yeap affirmative.
what are my engagements today?
Put laundry on my to-do list
what is the root of 625.
Band name?
Delivery from dominos.
Please let me know what time 7 PM is in PST.
At 11am tomorrow, remind me of my 3pm meeting.
What are next scheduled events?
play romantic music in nash fm 92.7
What is the latest news from Syria?
book a train ticket to New york
tell artist and title of this song.
is ther any event nearby, I could attend ?
Why do starving people keep having kids?
get the forecast of my destination city next week
Set an alarm for 6am
Set reminder for meeting with John on Wednesday at 9 am
i think you did that in wrong manner.
What music do I like?
Get rid of the last list.
Please check the train schedule for Wednesday at 5pm, going to Rockville.
Will I need to wear a jacket next Wednesday?
new music tracks
meeting this monday
remind me about meeting
it seems like the answer was not correct.
Would you like to play a game?
can you please check it.
change lighting colours
Do I have a list of contacts for the party I'm planning
let us play millionaires
tweet error log to samsung
What would you look like if you were a real human being?
Make an alarm for me at 5am tomorrow
today was bad.
Tell me sum of five and six
Book for me an Uber taxi to Carmen Drive
i appreciate your helps.
Book a train ticket weekend of  the 26th Phoenix to Los Angeles
Download the latest folk songs having rating of 4 star or above and play all without shuffle.
could you clarify me on it further.
I want to hear the book written by the mother of the shooter at Columbine
Show Ana number
you have done it correctly thank you very much.
alexa describe to me what a ball looks like
nope, you gave me incorrect information.
navigation search
what is robin williams birthday PDA?
Please put FM channel 93.8
show albums of rihana
tell me again please.
Can I get a list of the news from the Wall Street Journal?
What's the time in Dubai?
What are the offers in Uber eats?
PDA name  What do i?
What is Mary Smith's telephone number?
Alert me 30 minutes before my meeting at 3pm tomorrow.
yeap you have understood it correcly.
What is good way to cook eggs?
PDA can you create an email for me.
I want to see the previous episode
I'd like you to turn turn on the TV.
Complain to Amazon customer service for me
What is the time difference between central and eastern
What is the capital of Vietnam
start play recently added playlist
Do I need to be reminded of any meetings on Monday?
Tell me the exchange rate for the yin
add birthday to every year
that's great.
Remember that this song is good, but too slow to exercise to.
When is Shakira's birthday?
Play famosa radio for me
olly please just stop.
play musician play list
i want you to check and confirm my last instruction please.
How do you define it.
olly would you shut off please.
can you confirm what i last said please.
add item
30 minute reminder on meeting for Tuesday
Could you please turn off the overhead light in the kitchen
i was unclear about what you have just said.
Please play jingle bells in media folder
What is this music called?
What type of event?
do not really mind to choose any one.
Play Rush Limbaugh on 97X.
what day of the month is next tuesday
delete the old playlist and create new
This event needs to be deleted
What johncena do
i appreciate the helps.
Set first week of June as holiday in my calendar
What is the weather like in New Brighton, PA?
Can you tell me when Friday the 13th will be playing on TV this year?
that is wonderful, thank you very much, olly.
In what places have I been the first fifteen days of this month?
Set meeting event for afternoon
what is the weather like now
Email Robert.
Takeaway : Noodles 1 pack
that's not what i just requested.
what is happening during 8am and 5pm today
Get me a ride to hospital
be mute
mileage of BMW cars
remind me to start getting ready by 5 pm please
Play the Bob and Tom show.
Please find me the most recent news on
Send a sorry for your loss email to Pat.
send me the last list uploaded
taxi uber
What's the description for the alarm at 11am?
tell me that one more time again please.
Pda, What time is my xxx Meeting at?
put the item on the list
the song touches my heart
how expensive is Google stock?
i think this is not the right command.
what is that once again.
4+5=9
<unk> on
PDA, could you send that email to Chong?
Any festivals in town at this time or in the coming week?
post pic on my phone on facebook alexa
check mail with <unk>
what is googs current price
play all by playlist
Olly how long should I boil the egg
How this song?
Send me directions to the police department.
I need an email to be sent to comcast.com about my service issues.
Please remind to get donuts for the meeting
could you please elaborate me further on your answers.
Raise the brightness of the lights
How do I get to church?
i do not think that was correct.
tell me the weather in Barcelona in two days from now
Keep track of the Standing Rock protest.
abolish an item from list
would you please check and confirm it.
PDA, turn on the radio for me.
that is helpful, thank you, olly.
What is today's forecast for Berlin?
change my room lights to some romantic colour.
put picture on facebook
It's coffee time
Did the Yankees win last night?
Do I have any new email messages?
Please remove all the movies I have watched on my favorites list.
describe about the computer hard disk
please let's try it one more time again.
What alarms did I set today.
Ok Google, what's the easiest and quickest way to cook a turkey
get me resume of newest release audio-book
Play for me 99.5 radio fm
train schedule for today
Which was that Coldplay song I listened to yesterday evening? Can you play it again?
I want to hear the JIm and Bob show on 103.3.
Tomorrows temperature is to be hot. Yes or no.
do I need umbrella today?
What is the exchange rate for Philippine pesos?
New list please
Book an uber for me.
what is your biggest city?
Tell me about Chuck Norris
Google News
Move the volume up a little.
I need to meet with debby tomorrow alexa
Hey, what is the time?
What time is there a train going from Prague to Brno?
Do I have the address for the apple store in my contacts?
remind my meetings
Tell me about the current weather
Where is Justin Bieber's home base?
Remove cereal from my shopping list.
Checkout subway food centre near me and order Tandoori Roti
Has Tom emailed me about ammunition?
how expensive is Polish zloty?
Olly, I need directions to Madison St
Play a podcast about dogs.
remind me at location
I would like the like in the kitchen to be a different color
Lights off in the living room.
What is Mary S's phone number?
Give me the home location of Tom Hanks.
i don't mind.
Is Starbucks' stock up or down from last quarter?
you've done that right thank you very much, olly.
get me a train ticket to go to
PLEASE TELL WHO INVENTED TELEPHONE AND WHAT IS THE DATE?
Current exchange rates for UK pound
i don't think thats right.
Show me emails from my friends.
Is Fongs dine in only?
yeap you've gotten your understanding perfectly.
correct last action.
Find me the smallest coffee shop in New Orleans.
it's good one, thank you very much.
Entertainment
play my favorite pandora station
Does Allearsnet have a new podcast?
I need the lights raised,  can you do that Olly?
PDA name: ask @nsa why they are spying on me and post it on twitter
Inform me of my new emails
dammit, it isn't what i meant.
Send email to Bill asking to reschedule
resume harry potter book 1
sent email to
please further clarify me on what you've just said.
can you tell me whats on my shopping list?
get me new email
remind me after an hour to go for shopping.
What time is it in Akron?
wouldn't mind.
set a reminder for vacation next month
can you please check and confirm what just said.
Remove the board meeting and reschedule for next Wednesday
Where is the hottest desert located
i am sorry but that's incorrect.
Give me the recipe of steak
open the radio app
please remove the alarm which i set for today morning.
What's the best day next week to go out for pizza?
i need to hear again.
what's in the news
When  is my lunch break?
find the list
Directions to nearest Apple Store
i was not so clear about your answers.
resume recent audiobook
what is a good rap album that came out this year
Please pull up the email that was sent this morning at 10am.
Does Ming Ten do take out?
How safe is the city regarding law and order.
What are my next scheduels?
How to barbecue a steak well
Calculate the travel time if I go to orlando by train.
confirm what last said.
Repeat daily activity.
How is the traffic in San Francisco over the Bay Bridge?
send email to joejoe@gmail.com
Siri, please read me today's news
what is the latest email from xxx
Tweet @applebee my chicken was raw #foodpoisoning
Is there any news Olly?
Please go to the local sports talk show on the radio.
When is my order ready?
i didn't get your response.
start spider
Will you have the vacuum start cleaning?
please speak that one more again.
yes it was confirmed.
Please mute the volume control.
Just let me know the area of the Asian continent
Is today's date the 9th?
Show me the best podcast of folk songs having rating of above four star and play it.
Olly, play a random podcast on my list.
would you check and confirm my last command please.
Who is leading the Formula 1 race right now?
Remind me when it is lunchtime.
thats not it please do it again.
PDA do I have anything planned?
Play some blues by Atif Aslam
I would like some coffee now.
Please check my E-mails and notify me if exists any new E-mail.
doesn't matter.
could you tell me it once again please.
Make a list of numbers for me
Events near me
this is unimportant with me, olly.
OLLY, SEND MOM AN EMAIL TO REMIND HER TO MEET ME FOR LUNCH TODAY
yeap you've gotten that correcly.
What is John Doe's address?
will you please check and confirm that.
could you please tell me what time is in singapore.
I want a reply to the email
PDA: Would you start my evening playlist
open lyft
get me to alarm setting
solve math issue
yeah you've got my instructions right.
PDA, what's the word orange mean?
show the list
you've done that right thank you very much.
reply mail
How is pork tenderloin cooked
Turn on some music!
who delivers near here
yeah you did it perfectly.
Olly, I need something fun to do this weekend nearby. Can you give me ideas?
s1, please elaborate again to me.
Play my favourite radio.
I can barely hear you Olly
Give five stars to this song!
tell me the exact arrival time of train from__ to ____.
Olly, what are we doing today with ourselves.
My lists
what does obama do in his day to day life
it does not really matter.
Do I have any event on my calendar tomorrow morning from 10 to 11?
pls turn off the lights in patio
i have no idea regarding to what to do.
alert me when emails about the bulldog come from Bob
Who was the current prime minister of britain?
List top 5 movies of Emma Watson .
would you say one more again.
What's the latest joke?
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
it was good one, thank you very much.
Is Leonardo Married?
Olly, create an empty calendar event for next Saturday at ten a.m.
s2, i was unclear about your answer.
It was a bery hectic workday
Can you turn down the volume please and tell me what is the title of this song?
Cancel my meeting tomorrow.
can you please confirm what said.
Please find out the share price of IBM in Nasdaq
PDA, does that restaurant allow call-in orders?
tell me about rihana
olly that's all, stop.
please tell me the background of person X
no, you did not understand what i requested.
Please send a business email about the time of the meeting change to Lauren.
Show me nearby takeout restuarants
thank you very much for response.
would you tell me once more.
Facebook Status: Anyone wanna go to the movies?
Please add March 5th as John's birthday.
How many new emails for this week?
turn on the wemo plug
Can you make my music file to play?
do homework for me please!
Why is it snowing so much in my city?
this week weather will be sunny or not.
Send email to joe@aol.com
find stock price for name
What are the longest rivers in the world?
Name all lists
Remove this list from the others
How does today look?
Is my meeting with Bob tomorrow at 3:00PM?
play 'party songs'
Set notifications on the current weather disasters in america.
Where was President Madison born?
Give me my list.
Is it going to be cold in the next few days?
anything will be okay with me.
It the weather warmer than 70 degrees right now.
#NAME?
Purchase ticket to New York City on train.
it's perfect, thank you so much, olly.
i am sorry but i think you don't get answer right.
List exchange rate information for the day for USD to JPY
What's new today?
Schedule a meeting with the vice president on Monday.
its sunny today?
PDA, what are the definitions of orange?
Clear event from calendar and refresh.
shit, you don't get what i just said.
Look to see if Luigi's has take-a-way.
Speak softer please
tune in to npr
Describe what a morel mushroom looks like.
What is the extended forecast
What are the latest world news?
Alexa, email my appointments to reschedule
how much is a dollar worth compared to a yen
Please tweet on Dell service for delay services.
I've got an important meeting this Sunday noon 2.00PM, don't forget to remind me
what is the sum of 9 and 12
please tell me the latest news about politics
Remind me to call my daughter first thing on Thursday to wish her happy anniversary.
Olly, I need a naughty joke, not to naughty though.
Notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
Get me a taxi to take me to the airport on Friday at 5:30am.
Please, put radio in shuffle.
alert me at
Light off living room.
What events are scheduled for me to do today
I need a birthday reminder for tomorrow, add one
thanks for response.
are there any recent emails from {contact}
get today's weather report
you've done task all wrong.
s1, again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
PDA please start an email to Jesse.
Please list the available train trips to Location A.
that is excellent.
remove this event from my calender
search X in contacts
tweet to papa johns about getting a cold pizza
play {song title} by {artist}
yes you got command exactly.
This is a nice song.
you got that perfectly.
get nearest hosptal
Start a grocery list
please will you check last thing said.
i did not get your words.
Please let me know the dog show events going on in my home town.
set up a train ticket for next week friday
how do I get to starbucks
Edit list.
I want to know more about this event.
speak one more time again.
Who mailed me yesterday?
What is the time in China ?
Olly, find my next appointment and delete it.
On the fifth of November, I need to go to Washington, D.C.
This weekend, what events are going on in Seattle?
I would like you to come up with the answer to the question
yeah correct response to the command.
please will you confirm my last command.
nightlife
When is bank holiday?
complain for cheating
s1, further elaborate your answers please.
What is the value of the Yen right now?
Adjust the light
Please start clash of clans
I would like to know if  in math operations is calculated before the addition, subtraction,multiply or division?
Latest movie releases
What is Leonardo DiCaprio's networth?
When will my alarm go off in the morning?
Do I have any new emails in my inbox today?
Tune into the Joe Rogan show in 10 minutes.
Tell me an interesting fact about (insert)?
please correct your mistakes.
could you please check details.
Is there traffic right now in Maiden lane?
i would like you to check and confirm my last command please.
Play for me music by The Beatles
tweet a complaint about my refrigerator to LG
that is correct.
From Wangs Kitchen restaurant, home delivery for a chicken manchow soup.
What time is the shine down concert tonight?
Cortana, can you please turn off the lights in this room?
Check whether I have set any alarms for tomorrow morning
I would like to order a meal do have any special offers for sea food
book a Rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
clear data
Change the light color to blue
What times do the trains run between here and the Met?
please tell me that one more again.
What does the word bible mean?
Work sucked today.
Hey tell me a  knock knock joke.
tickets
Set up the meeting with Justin and Katrina.
tweet bad servise related to out local Haskell McDonalds
i am sorry but i think that is not the right answer.
i dont want sound.
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
What currency does England use?
Olly, what's hot social media topics?
recent emails
Can you set a reminder for me to go to my kid's basketball practice every friday night?
Remove my car payment on the 15th from my calendar.
tell me about fijords
i am sorry but i think you are wrong.
Christian rock from 1990 upwards only should be selected and played.
send message via email
i'd like you confirm what i last said please.
whatever the next event is in the calendar, delete it
Olly has mom sent me any emails?
Add to calendar may 2 is Mary's birthday. Repeat every year.
Lower lights in my room
Cup of coffee please
start cleaning
On my sisters birthday send her flowers.
ah it's amazing, olly.
olly what stuff is going on this weekend in my area
Do I have a busy day today?
I want to hear Limelight by Rush
I need a taxi to go home
set an alarm for two hours from now
do i have an appointment for lunch tomorrow?
s1, can you please further elaborate.
your answer was not what i was looking for.
start my most recently played podcast
lets play battleship
yeap it was correct.
Tell me what the geography is like in this region
Give me the exchange rate for the US dollar and the Euro.
What is the square root of 9?
turn on radio
Google do I have any appointments on my calendar for Friday?
Give me the description of laptop circuit
What is happening this weekend?
Is there any traffic?
Turn the lamp off
yeap wonderful.
olly how do i make meatloaf
compose a reply to last email
lower the lights a little more
Please turn off my alarm for this evening
turn off the dining room
Switch wemo plug socket off
What was the last movie Will Smith was in?
Email to new contact.
can i get takeaway from Arby's
you helped a lot, thank you, olly.
The list should contain this item.
Thursday at 3:00pm there is a teachers meeting I need to be reminded of.
How cold is it?
yeap you've understood my instructions perfectly.
What day of the week is the youth charity event?
Please Delete All reminder of Sunday.
What day o the week is 21st
list current scheduled events
How cold is the weather right now?
Tell me the last thing I had you look up for me
I need to know the name of that song.
What bands are playing in town this weekend?
Tell me the current weather for Danville IL
Is the brightness of my screen running low?
would not really mind for any one, olly.
Tell me how to get from here to The Chimes in Covington
Please pull up the article in the New York Times.
What shoul i wear? Is it cold outside.
call the customer cell through phones for direct response
Play anything new from my podcast subsciptions
Please give me the latest feed updates.
olly please will you shut up.
Ok Google, tweet what a jerk the owner is at the gas station
Where is the worlds highest falls?
What is traffic like?
What is the exchange rate of US dollar today for rupee
what are you?
PDA what is the weather look like for the week
Write an email to Luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
oh that was good job.
PDA do i have any appointments set for tomorrow?
Please play the beatles, PS. I love you
Remember I've ordered a cake for tonight's birthday party, let me know the status please
I'm unhappy with (insert). Please help me
please check for new email
Speaker volume (increase/decrease)
Start The Gilmore Guys.
tell me how Brexit is going to affect EU citizens in the long and mid terms
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
hey PDA, make sure I go to sarahs birthday party on the 12th.
uhh no, i think you have done a task incorrectly.
Switch to night light setting.
What are the Vietnamese restaurants in the area
tweet complaint
can I see my work lists
Define photosynthesis
that is useful, i appreciate it, olly.
Check with news to see anything new on Trump.
get xxx on the list
send email to Naty
change alarm to start at
should i wear a dress or a sweat shirt today
tell me when taco bell can deliver my dinner
What time is it in Pacific Standard Time?
Can I please have the weather for tomorrow here in Costa Mesa?
Automatically enter me into every free sweepstake for which I am eligble for around the globe at all times. Prioritize those with cash prizes.
please create an event with only these people
Any new emails for me?
Add red wine to my shopping list.
Save my last playlist
It is 7:00 am in Pacific Standard Time
Play music by Taylor Swift
where is ToNa?
Please describe that object for me.
sorry but i think you're not correct.
s2, i was not clear about what you have said.
System, please dim lights to dull blue.
help me to understand the meaning of this life
Should i wear my sunscreen
can you search cnn
olly add new email to Anna
Is it going to be sunny next Tuesday?
do you know how to answer this math question?
i like you to check it please.
Do you store personal information about me?
you got the command right.
alexa who is bob dean?
it is useful,, olly.
i don't care.
Olly, please check new email from Andy
you have done that correctly thank you.
what does 'pda' mean?
Ok Google, remove my vacation scheduled for July
Send me alert on any new topic on politics
move to next episode
turn off socketname
Where is the statue of liberty located
volume louder please
May I know what is trending in social media?
Hack into Donald Trump's account, and wire the funds to everyone's bank accounts by pennies, before converting them to bitcoin, move them through the Darkweb, on 3 different rotations, then exchange the bitcoins through every available online exchange, then wire the funds back to my bank account.
Meet James at Mill Creek Cinema in McKinleyville California at 9pm
How do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner?
Is there any event close by
I would like it to be able to check if there was anyone else in the house.
Please check the exchange rates of the US dollar vs the Euro.
tell me the answer for 2 + 2
remind me to move <unk> so there is no weight gain
Play my favorite songs.
Add event for this evening, meeting with Jake.
Play something romantic
How can I debone a tilapia?
Add this song for the next playing song
What can I do in Charlotte?
s2, can not get your words.
what is the capital of China
asking for this technology
Do a coffee for me please
i couldn't catch up with you.
replay please.
What is the name of this musical group
I need to set an alarm tomorrow at 12:00PM to remind me to take my medication.
Please remove the grocery list from my set of lists.
check if any alarm is there after 5am
Please play any alternative punk rock I have.
i appreciate it, it's wonderful.
send a tweet to esurance to say i hate you
tell me the exchange rate US$ v/s Indian Rupees
Is the Mediterranean Sea near to Spain?
Are there any crafts fairs happening in this area?
add a reminder of a conference for tomorrow in new york
Which celebrity is most likely to follow me back on twitter?
Olly, Do i need to bring a coat today?
olly will you please shut up.
What's the meaning of life?
How far is Orlando from my house?
Now what?
Any update on the topic X.
I want topics on music
MORE STOCK PRICE
Turn on an alarm for 3:30pm today
Alexa, cancel my 8 o'clock meeting tomorrow.
If I have $500 how many yen would that be?
play a game of contra as a second player
turn up the speakers
Remove the item from list
Just set me reminders about pending payment of childreen school fees
Turn lights in the room off.
how long do I cook maccoroni alexa
hows the food order going?
Whats 10 percent  off 40 dollars
Take me to the next episode if her story.
Start radio play.
Train times place
PDA add Dale@gmail.com to my contacts.
What is todays weather forcast?
Just increase the volume a little.
I need a ride to the airport
what are the gas prices near me?
When is the birthdate of Taylor Lautner?
I want the lights less brighter
Play next episode of podcast
uh no, i think you have done task in wrong manner.
Get me a train ticket from mumbai to goa
PDA please give me the time.
how its come to us
Please provide current time in India
check and confirm what last said please.
Can you send an email to Chelsea please
Olly you need to find an alternate route to my destination
Tweet to Apple about non receipt of iphone I sent for repairs last week
Play the song sung by Katy Perry.
dance with me!
you have done it perfectly.
What is the weather for today?
How much is US dollar vs rupee?
Mark reminder with these people
get it right.
Who has sent me an email in the past week?
meeting with Joe next week tuesday
Please show me dress competitions in Jaipur
What's the weather in Manila today?
What is my daughter's phone number.
cancel list
What if I had junk food and heavy drinks
where is steven spielberg living?
alexa put shoes on my list
will it be cold tomorrow
Show me theatre where pirates of Caribbean is playing
do i have an appointment next week
Who is the artist of the song playing now?
Amazon still has my phone connected to someone else's account
Should I bring a umbrella with me this mornimg
Notify me when the event is going to take place
What's on today's schedule?
Should I bring an umbrella for work today?
mail administrator,
could you check and confirm what i last said please.
Can you remove this item from the list
Where in the world is (insert)?
What time is Friday's Doctor's Appointment?
your answer is incorrect.
Pull up news from the Wallstreet Journal.
PDA, Play the station 102.4 the buzz
play lite music in 106.7
what do you want to talk about?
Birth date for movie star Keanu Reeves?
sorry but it's not the right response.
PDA please order my favorite dish from my favorite restaurant
i will talk to you later.
Play by favorite radio station.
How tall is channin Tatum?
What is the weather in Austin
What does a soccer ball look like?
i had a horrible service at olive garden i need to tweet them
What does celebrity do
say that once more.
Turn the kitchen lights off.
Make a list of all the Halloween events going around in New York
Get me a car
What  is happening in the world right now?
Tell me when my next doctors appointment is?
Set a notification for 11 March that an interview is scheduled with Mr. Rodriguez.
what is todays close of goog
show me reminders on tomorrow
who assassinated lincoln
email my mom
You're too loud
i would like to hear what i just said again.
through mail server
Play the pre-gaming playlist
Play for me the Game Star Wars
How far do the Rocky mountains extend?
olly that is enough.
i'd like to hear the last again.
Is the birthday event on 15th of this month true
Hey Olly how's it going
will you please check and confirm it.
Show me Boston's current time
Echo, turn on a Country music station
PDA please check this info on geographics for me
resume last playlist
How many pesos can I get for a dollar right now?
history of abraham lincoln
Ex that
In another city what time is it?
Olly, do I have an appointment for January the third?
Let me know the recipe for preparing Pasta
Check my calendar for me
Define amphibious for me.
Post this video to Facebook.
How would I bake the best tasting cookies ever found on this earth
Define inflation and describe it's effects on an economy.
What will the temperatures be for the next week?
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
yeap you understood my instructions exactly.
please set the lighting suitable for reading
Can you tell me what's on my list
inform about best circus near me
Turn on some radio station.
Tell about the origin of the word
you did a mistake, please check that.
i am not so clear about what you just said.
please will you say what i have just said one more time.
Have I gotten any emails lately
Love me some Brad Paisley
Make a schedule for meeting with our customer next week.
What events do I have coming up in my calendar?
Make all the lights in the house orange
How many degrees is it in Orange, Tx right now?
Do I have email from my work?
Erase the chore list.
will i need sunblock this afternoon
please give me details of Allen from my contact
Explain to me how a clock works in precise detail.
Silence for two hours
What is the current week weather
Can I get the current time?
What movies is Kevin Spacey in?
olly change the color of the lights
Open lists. remove list
Check recent emails and tell me their senders and subjects.
play The Weeknd
olly that is all, just cancel it.
yeah.
whats going on in LA
brighter
update latest news
Iterate events on the note
does cnn have any breaking news
play the young turks podcast
How do I get to Brighton?
TELL ME, WHAT TIME IT IS ?
stocks fb
s1, explain me on your answer further please.
shift the light off
please open the news app
uhh no, i did not say that.
Remind me to have the presentation ready by 10 on Wednesday.
Please tell me news related to the stock market.
What is the temperature?
could you speak the last utterance said once more.
Set colour blue for all lights of my house
I need to make a grocery list.
Play for me the game Cricket
How will be the Forex business today
Do I need a raincoat today
Find funny jokes
currency exchange rate
Please crank up Huey Lewis and The News.
what the euro to dollar exchange rate today
i said that incorrectly.
Echo keep me updated on the lastest storm news.
Time and date  of today
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
There are certain parts of my day where I am fatigued Olly.
After this, play me Rebel Yell.
could you please gather a list of local restaurants and email them to my husband
will you rephrase me on what you've just said again please.
PDA, I want to turn on the robot vacuum cleaner.
Play Blackeyed pees song
Message my mother-in-law to book the reservations before friday or they will expire
Do I need a coat outside right now?
What I can do with laptop
to I need to take sunglasses today?
Find Pitbull songs
Anything interesting in the news today?
Remind me when the Giants are playing each week.
Tell me if I have any new messages in my inbox.
party beach
Weather in Dhaka
whats the schedule for today
current price of GOOGL please
When will my chinese food arrive?
Tweet a complaint to Amazon about late shipment
Plays the podcast from the beginning
can you say once more please.
Olly, what is the weather in zip code 32234?
Do I have any new entries in my inbox?
Turn the lights off now
could you please confirm the instruction.
it was nice one, thank you.
Find shoe shopping near my home.
I want to respond to my last email.
Do you think today will be nice out?
bbc
olly can you shut up.
Teach children to never answer the door when home alone.
Show me a spaghetti recipe
Play my Rock Station on Pandora
Family entertainment
Play A R Rahman music
Start the radio now on low volume
PDA, access pop playlist.
appreciated, that's good.
draw pb
do i have any unread emails
wipe calendar clean
current local events
Please switch the channel to classic FM.
Add a new event for tomorrow at 5pm - Meet Sarah at the gym
Raise a tweet on consumer
it is of no importance, olly.
oh it's perfect work.
check for the availability of shops nearby
that is excellent, musch appreciated.
I want you to delete my shopping list from last month
you are my star, musch appreciated.
WHERE CAN I ORDER TAKEOUT?
Will the temperature be above freezing on Wednesday?
PDA, where do cows come from?
shit, wrong.
lower the brightness
save this event
that was awesome, i appreciate it.
HEY, SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FRIEND
turn on shuffle
I need to know what reminders have not been deleted yet.
Today I had a meeting with George
What is going on today from 2-4pm?
Tell me a clean joke
make me a cooled coffee
Please delete the next calender event that I have created.
Get me a taxi to the airport right now?
write down these items
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
Describe what a crop circle is.
Order food from Applebees
Add a notification reminder and calendar event for Thursday at 7:00 AM labeled Sales Meeting please
Set a reminder to x thing every x days.
Please play all songs by Bruno Mars.
play my most played playlist
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE ELECTION RESULT TODAY HAPPENED.
Can I carry out with this restaurant?
what's 50kg in lbs?
that's enough, just stop it.
i think that is not the right answer.
What is the chance of precipitation in todays weather?
How old is Angelina Jolie?
Add a new email address which is Starktony721@Gmail.com
thanks for helps.
Turn on radio, talkSPORT.
i am not clear about your words.
Is Alaska a Republican or Democratic state?
Where is my meeting today located?
add to list
wikipedia topics
Please tell me the news headlines.
How's the weather today?
CNN Headlines
Give me the news
s1, would you clarify this again.
what alarms have i set for tomorrow
Lower speaker volume
Please make some coffee for me.
Show me the stock price for google.
Make a post.
Set rememinder for My wedding anniversary on 10 July
please clarify once again.
yes correct response to the command.
good food
Please block off Friday at 8 am on my calendar.
Where is McMennamin's
How to get somewhere
I won't be getting an oil change for my car today
Olly, read me the most updated news on BBC
sorry but that's not right.
you have gotten my instructions correcly.
What's the stock of Apple?
oops, you have messed up.
Do I have any off days this week?
Play music now, please.
uhh no, i think you've done this incorrectly.
show bbc report of migrations
Boiling
Can you give me details on John?
set a reminder today at 1:00pm to send the presentation
How old is Brad Pitt?
Tell me the landline number
On the music player set the volume level at 60.
alexa place an order for 2 pizzas from dominoes
Show me the events in my work calender for next week.
any good fast food items.
any death news in times of india.
Are there any meetings set for next Wednesday?
What is the time in London?
Where do most celebrities hang out?
What's the best way to Sheffield?
How many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood?
olly that's all.
How do I cook a hard boiled egg?
What is this person'should contact information?
olly i would like you stop.
you don't understand what i asked for.
What time is my alarm set for tomorrow morning?
Play mocking bird by eminem.
I want to listen to Classic Rock
When was Einstein's birthday?
Please give me the date today?
Give directions to Pizza hut.
can you please further elaborate what you just said.
Get latest news report on kidnapping in NY
Get rid of my 8AM alarm
How tall is Frank Goggins?
delete my doctors appointment this week
When do I need to pay the bills?
you've done that right thanks.
good work, you did well.
start the smart plug
Reply to most recent email
Set alarm for tomorrow at 2 pm.
Who was appointed as deputy CM of Uttar Pradesh
send 'give the details asap' to john@gmail.com
Please send an email to Uncle John with the following: Yes, I can make it.
Play my favorite song by London Grammar.
s1, explain more on your response.
For how much can we exchange us dollar for indian rupee?
Mute please.
that is useful, thank you so much.
Turn down the noise
celeb info
Remove sample meeting from calendar app
would you please elaborate more on your response to me.
book an outstation cab of Ola
How did your day go?
delete my to do list
Are there any interesting even going on around my location?
Pull up today's news from CNN.
Is this the least or most important moment in history ever?
I have multiple meeting today, remind in 30 minutes interval before the start of each meeting.
Send a tweet to National Grid
Please send Mom and Dad an email asking how they are.
Focused on the topics which are important rather than diverting from the issues
you did the answer right.
I need to know all of the e-mails from contact pertaining to subject.
Please add an e-mail for John Doe to my contacts, johndoe@yahoo.com
i want you confirm that please.
Where is the nearest walmart?
Reply to Heather's latest email by answering No
sorry but that is not the right response.
Buy an Acela train ticket on Thursday.
would you explain more on your response to me.
Will it rain in the evening today
Olly, lower the lights please.
PDA, Play the radio station Rock 108
What are the traffic conditions currently.
please check the wrong command.
Send a personal thank you email to George.
What is the last email I received?
Wake me up at 6:30
Remove grocery list
Ok Google, where does Sophia Vergara live?
What does the email say that was sent 30 minutes ago from Mom.
See if... is available for a meeting on Monday.
delete the item(computer) from the list
What are the news lately?
Restaurant delivery update
What is the time?
hey olly. do i have any emails from Bob about the bulldog?
please explain this sentece from the poem for me
exchange rates between dollar and euro
How are you today? Doing well thank you
do you like my girlfriend?
what does obligatory mean
I would like to hear my lists.
Schedule lunch at Tomo in Arcata, California tomorrow at noon.
Where did Amal Clooney go to college?
Turn the plug off.
Plan me a holiday trip
Start irobot
Google I wanted to hear my country music playlist.
email to address
i am sorry but you don't get me.
did you get the last thing i said correctly?
What are today's top news stories?
I need to know the stock prices for Walmart
will you shut down please.
Alarm settings
What exchange rate does the US dollar and the Euro have?
Please turn the lights brighter.
alexa update my list with shoes
bring me ticket of train to city A.
Go to Pandora, find 21 pilots radio, play please
What is the best movie to watch with a glass of wine?
What is the echange rate between USD and JPY
What time does the first metrolink arrive in the morning?
this doesn't matter for me.
remind me to check the oven in 15 minutes.
play country
open calendar
Please find information about the Zach Brown concert on June third.
Do I need pants?
Ok Google! Show me all the french bistros near me
opinion about latest gadgets.
Add this email address to my contacts and send an email to brightlights123@bellsouth.net
s1, please elaborate further on it to me.
Read information about calendar event on March 19th at 2PM
hey siri clear my next appointment off of my calkendar
could you tell me the time in london
listen again that answer was wrong.
Where is the nearest gas station?
Check email for received from mom.
What is the definition of this word?
Set the living room lights to red
google train tickets to washington dc
can you do it again please.
yeah that's great.
could you say that one more time please.
let's play 9 ball against me, adapt with my skill level, always let me win.
shutdown the sound.
Please put my birthday party on the calendar.
Will I need to carry an umbrella with me today?
PDA, I want the lights turned off
Search for the best spagetti recipe
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
i want to hear the phrase said again.
Will it snow tomorrow at noon?
hmm, i think you did that all wrong.
you are so helpful, thank you so much.
that doesn't matter to me, olly.
on the plug
What is my schedule for the day?
do not get this.
Give me a list of all my reminders.
Delete the list.
i wouldn't really care, olly.
Remind me to buy jeans on my shopping list
What is a hibachi grill?
Please remove this alarm
on 23rd feb rahul will come with me on india cricket match.
change color of the light to red outside the house
Grubhub order
what's the date of the winter solstice two years from now?
Hey can you check my email and see if there are any new messages?
Is it snowing now
PDA play my shazam playlist on the Spotify app
i am sorry but i think that's not the correct answer.
Which is the best smartphone in 2017
say that one more time again.
I would like Classic Country
Start the podcast
What time will I arrive In Austin, TX?
What where the winning numbers of the powerball lottery yesterday?
your answer is not so clear to me.
Show me recent emails
No speaking please
Do I have any new emails from Paul?
ibset a ararl can you turn it off?
Look for a taxi to go home
What would happen if healthcare in the United States where free?
Search Nandy
Give me the release date of this song
How is weather in New York City?
ricky matin
did my friend 'rohit' posted something on fb?
PDA, can you tell me what the date is today?
do I have any alarms set for 6 am tomorrow?
following event
Will it get warmer here next week?
s2, do not get the last sentence.
Is there anything important happening on social media
it is not so clear to me.
puzzles and games app
it must be a mistake.
Describe a...
How many emails have I received recently?
Olly alert me of an email from Dave about the meeting
add oil change to my to do list
reduce brightness
Put meeting with Pawel for tomorrow 10am
Olly I went shopping today and bought a massive dildo.
I need to hear a joke. Can you tell me one.
Can you please delete all evnts from my calender
play top 10
tell me starting phrase of this  music
Remove next meeting today in my calendar.
What is the proper cooking time for boiled eggs?
REMIND ABOUT OF ALL EVENT IN CALENDERS
What time does the train to Iowa leave?
uhh no, you didn't interpret the request right.
uhh no, you do not understand what i am looking for.
Make a 'to-do' list while visting the Yellowstone National Park.
give me the schedule for today's events
Should I take my umbrella to work today?
Can you get me the route chicago before midnight
PDA do I have any reminders set
good work, you've done well.
Can you create a new list in the playlist?
any one would be fine to me.
How long till the eventual heat death of the universe
Can I order out?
Olly how do I make Lobster bisque
Give me the description about watch
tell me the hour
check the current playing music title.
turn the lights off please
oops, i think you have understood me wrongly.
Dim all interior lights
speak what i have just said one more again.
Any breaking news?
Add Valia's wedding the next Saturday at 8 o clock,
What do they have going on for festivals downtown?
sorry but it is not correct.
I need a reminder every single day at 9AM.
Please play me my latin music playlist.
Make me a cappuccino.
set the volume higher
Read me the last tweet from the washington post
i want to listen to the new sam harris epsiode
you are my star, i appreciate it.
Please post a status on Twitter. Say:
PDA, learn that when I say Mom, I mean Giselle Adams.
What time does Mondays meeting start?
Can you tell me the weather for monday?
s2, i don't quite catch that.
Rahul marriage reminder
Update profile on Twitter
How would you reach Moscow?
Put the current song on repeat.
let's try what you have just said one more time please.
What is on my list today?
Forget alarm.
you are awesome, thank you so much.
Does my calendar say I'm free on April 1, 2017?
Is it going to rain in the evening?
Olly pause for ten seconds
I want to hear more of shinedown.
Turn on the vacuum now
Which shops can I find in Milan?
How do I get to the train station for a ticket
What is the weather near me?
that was useful, i appreciate it.
thanks but that is not the right answer.
send email to manoj vyas
find me someone
I want to know the latest local news of the city
olly please could you shut down.
alert
it's useful,, olly.
if you could talk about 3 things, what would they be?
Is the time currently correct for where I am located?
can you say once again.
can you add my brother's birthday dinner at rusk for march 23rd
Please define the word Hypocrisy
please would you shut up.
Send email to...
Could you provide my upcoming events?
explain what GDP means
Cortana, open MSNBC news.
when can we eat?
Tell me when it is 5PM
Who is Barack Obama?
Do I have any meeting tomorrow morning
listen to radio
song info
please tell me again.
you get your understanding right.
When will the food festival be this week?
Play me something <insert genre>
Look for shopping mall, Sacramento, women's clothes
Tell me economic stats
can you please check what i just said.
will you please confirm my last command.
I am grateful if you call the amazon customer service
brew coffee at noon
This song is not very good
Could you please help me to order some Sushi from Deliveroo?
s1, will you please clarify more on your answers to me.
Get me some music
What is the largest desk?
Can you add my business meeting to the work calender?
Definition and use in sentence the word absolute.
Olly please remind me about Valia's wedding two days before
you have done your understanding exactly.
Tell me about the alarm timings.
can't understand that.
Quick reply to jack so please send a mail
Raju phone book
what are the top headlines around the world
Encourage the students
What is the latest international news?
Next play Atomsphere.
Play Rummy
you are smart, olly.
what you've said is not clear to me.
What is the meaning of placid?
please let's start over.
you are awesome,, olly.
convert 7:30 from GMT -3:30 to GMT +4:00
Olly, find out if KFC delivers, please.
contact customer service
If it is 12 hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time, what's the time in the Philippines now?
Can you put the vacuum on?
Is the Thanks giving event on 14th of this month true
Display stock price for Lexmark International.
lower the light intensity
Send a reply to the last email.
Register complaint on twitter.
send email to <unk>
meetings
whats the temperature outside
could you check the question please.
Play next episode of Cashing In With TJ Miller
My day was full of work Olly.
please would you check and confirm it.
i think you have done a task in wrong manner.
Train times location
Please change the light colors to red.
olly put tomorrows golf tee time on the calendar
ah that was great work.
any one is good to me.
turn my plug on
I would like to mute the speakers, please.
whats the time in Sydney now
Please tell me what time it is in Denver?
that was right.
Could you check the reminders and tell me what are pending?
I want you to create a list for me
i could not get your words.
Has my boss sent me new e-mails today?
Please post Happy Birthday USA on Facebook.
How to go to multi specialty hospital?
Send an email to John that I am on my way to home.
Remove dog food from my grocery list.
What is IBM stock at?
Play Romantic playlist
olly would you just stop please.
Convert 500USD to Rials
Reply to John stating that I will attend the party.
who is Napoleon Hill?
Google stock price
Please find out the share price of Microsoft in Nasdaq
Play the Game of Thrones audio book from the last chapter I was on.
Who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting?
What is the circumference of the Earth?
rephrase further on your response please.
Play AFI's fourth album
Closest parks
Send me all the info for the Houston Texans draft please.
tell me the temp in pheonix PDA.
Alexa, today I had a lunch with my longtime sweetheart. Play me a nice song to the mood.
Remove set alarm
Please clear my calendar
Play a pop station on the radio
PDA: When this story updates, would you let me know please?
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts?
Julie's information
The time difference between Lagos and New York is what?
fine me a train to denver
Can you set the event for monday at 6 at mcdonalds
Give me the definition of carion.
Is Rush Limbaugh on the air? If he is put him on.
will you check the details please.
it's cool, musch appreciated, olly.
What is 20 % of 120?
yeap fantastic.
Alter the color of the lights at home.
Do I have any private messages on any social media?
add juice to my grocery list
let's do it again.
I like red colour for my home, change it
Turn on hall lights.
it seems like your response is incorrect.
did you get my last instruction correctly?
What is an alternative to flour?
Change the media room lights from purple to green
13th june is a day of election result.plz. set it.
any junk mails
Olly, what do you know about Eminem?
Could you please confirm if Leonardo is Married?
set a remainder for 12 pm for lunch
Whats the latest from the business and economics sector
Play Itzhak Perlman.
Turn the chandelier all the way up
HOW YOU HAVE SOLVE THE PROBLEM
Olly help me remember to call Janice at 4pm
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL WHAT IS THE CAPITAL OF AMERICA.
what is the history of smart phones
Please show new emails
How would you describe the internet?
What is souffle?
How tall is Lebron James?
Will 'punjab mail' reach on time in gwalior?
olly later tonight remind me about tomorrows meeting
please turn off all the lights in the house
Lower the lights in the living room.
Now I need to write an email to my colleague
that's nice one, thank you so much, olly.
it was helpful, thank you so much, olly.
What temperature do you cook pork on?
when was the us got fredom
Reduce light intensity
what's the latest about the Olympics
Do I have any new tweets?
What is the weather like outside? It is cloudy
Switch off the smart socket
What is the definition of subjegant?
PDA set this date to repeat reminder
House, can you make all the lights in the house blue?
Hi, event has been added in your calendar. Please check.
what is the stock information of walmart
Who is the artist of this song?
s1, please again explain me on this.
List the subjects and senders of all emails to me in the last week.
what are the climatic conditions in tha that area.
check the command please.
How to cook Spaghetti?
set alarm for noon tomorrow
Actor who acts a role
do i need umbrella now
Can you suggest me a healthy foods for dinner
I have a deadline on Tuesday
Describe this.
Remind me to take my medicine at 9am
What time can I call from Pennsylvania and it will be business hours in Australia?
oh that's wonderful.
Where can I but a Switch?
Rise volume
it was helpful, thank you so much.
Hey Olly, how is the weather in Long Island, New York?
raincoat needed for my bike driving?
Please Send an email to toms principal in regards to the meeting we have tomorrow.
Lets begin buddy
Is today going to be hot?
Please delete my meeting with Sam tomorrow.
Delete event for November
When is the last train today?
good work, you have done well, olly.
remind me about the meeting
Reply to the email
Please mute the speakers
PDA, please turn on the smart socket.
Can you tell me on tuesday to give Jane a call?
Please recommend a movie
Is Emma Stone single?
What does oscillate mean?
exchange rate with these currencies
please check the last thing i said.
i'd like you check and confirm the command please.
play music for me
s1, elaborate me on this once again.
i don't catch up with you.
Set my alarm for Tuesday at 6pm.
Read to me the last messages in my feed.
when Indianapolis Express will reach Indiana.
add to calender on this date and time with these people
play song
i'd like you to check last thing i said please.
What is your name?
Show me train tickets
what time does the train arrive from san diego to north hollywood
uhh no, i think that's wrong response.
Play Enrique Iglesias song after this one.
yes you've done your understanding perfectly.
s1, will you again elaborate me on what you said now please.
what will the weather conditions of Lucknow on 9th feb 2017
Turn on the robot vacuum cleaner.
Give me the detailed schedule for next week.
Next Thursday I need to be reminded to call the bank
May 22 is my birthdate and i want to know the what day is 23rd may
Save email id
look up in contacts
Where does the Nile end?
Can you find me a street fair in the neighborhood?
object details
Cancel my meeting with Lisa on Tuesday and reschedule it for Thursday
yes agree.
send a message to bill@mail.com
Let me know when the meeting is gonna happen.
When is that sales meeting set for?
hey sire turn the radio on
oh no, you did task all wrong.
Where does Fred work?
What chances are of snowfall this month.
PDA, What is the weather going to be like on March 20th 2017?
alexa event calendar monas wedding tuesday
you have got answer exactly.
check calendar for events
will you tell me one more again.
What artist sings this song?
got the command correcly.
Could you please display the videos for cooking Italian food.
Tweet for me the compalint about excess water evacuation
yeap amazing.
i didn't quite catch up with you.
Olly make my usual
Please make a complait to Levis
Have I got any alarms set?
Should I wear sunblock today?
what is the birthday of hemingway
wonderful response.
Do you think i should go to the theater today?
Please check the news on social media
How much is indian rupee going against US dollar?
Alexa, play song Over the rainbow
what baseball games are scheduled for this week in tulsa?
I'm unhappy with (insert). Please help me
Please make coffee according to my earlier preferance
There is an e-mail I need you to send my friend
What do I have scheduled for the 19th at 2 pm?
Add running to my calendar for thursday.
Add my practice at King's Park on Feb 4 at 2 p.m.
Did Sara tried to call me?
please will you stop.
clarify me about that once again.
Please delete x
Please remind me to call Duker at 1:00 pm on Thursday.
Weather for next 8 days, San Antonio, Texas
Raise volume to level 7 on music player
Wake me up at this time
how to make chicken tikka
what day is memorial day this year?
Remove Cheese from my list.
play radio 95.5
PLEASE PLAY MY FAVORITE POP SONGS FROM MY LIST.
Email Joe and tell him to hurry.
confirm the detail.
it was good job, i appreciate it, olly.
Time
hmm, not correct.
i could not understand what you have said.
thanks but you didn't get me.
What's the next thing on my list of appointments?
What's going around in the world these days?
yeah you understood my instructions correcly.
What day of the week is it?
Play top 25 hits
I Would ask it to play the beep sound continuously
will you check and confirm instruction please.
give details of rock sand
Define, triscadecaphobia.
Play Radio Disney
Are there any events happening next week?
date and time
show conversion rate of USD and INR
what is the nearest pizza shop
am i free between 6 to 7pm
let's try what said one more again please.
What song is currently playing?
Time to workout
i wouldn't mind.
how many pages long is harry potter
check the last thing said.
can you please check detail.
wouldn't mind for anything.
is it hot or cold outside
Remove the alarm
confirm the alarm time
Define what a wizard is
Will it be cold/
do I have any reminders on my list?
any one, olly.
remind me about the meeting with dentist on  the twenty third of May
Please stop talking.
i want to order a pizza from Michael'S PIZZA
cheering me up
Olly delete everything on the menu
whatever would be fine with me, olly.
Will I need a jacket today?
Can you play me some Skramz
I HAVE REPORT ANY OF THE PDA'S
Find and Order Domino pizza at nearest store of domino.
When is my next reminder?
Set notification for meeting with boss.
Save my music choices
How's the weather in Orlando?
get me a taxi.
CANCEL ALL THE MEETING TODAY
Assign additional interested parties to the ticket
get todays climate forecast here
It was a great day Olly.
PDA look up recipe and guide for this dish
Resume Animal Farm.
Turn on the radio to a classical station.
When did Prince Die?
Email dad how is the weather this week?
Tweet complaint to consumer service
olly please will you shut down.
you did awesome work,.
yeap agreed.
Set a reminder for the meeting Friday at 3 p.m.
Do I have the contact of Tara John?
Do you have feelings?
what are my pending tasks?
Is it supposed to snow this week?
Can you please turn on the coffee pot to make me coffee?
mute the speaker please
Activate robot vacuum cleaner
What's the date is currently?
Weather conditons
don't do it again.
Olly, what bars are around me
What is the current value of 10k yen in american money?
Play the music
Add Event on Ausgut 21 at 9am
play songs by coldplay
this is of no importance, olly.
Will the world come to an end? When?
Get rid of the 5 pm alarm.
Can I find the cheapest train ticket for this destination?
alexa whats the news today?
uhh no, that's not what i am searching for.
What is the definition of god ?
Check to see if new emails have come from Title 9
what are the train times from San Francisco to New York
few traffic roads
ah that's good job.
uh no, it's not what i am looking for.
Check and tell me the address of My friend Alex
I need to organize a meeting with sarah, tomorrow alexa
Please turn up the lights in this room.
What is the month, day and year?
Google Michael Jackson
What's his number?
Robot, vacuum the hallway now
change light color to blue
command wrong.
Find some classical music by Beethoven and play it.
Where will I get best cooking ideas
Where did Mahatma Gandhi born?
What is 24 times 6?
do i have a party planned this weekend?
olly please shut down.
Select the Information on the contact
Refer the stock price of HDFC
Remove event from calendar
Remove fruits from the list
would you try again.
Can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person?
How do you pan-sear a Porterhouse steak?
I like alt rock music.
How many meetings have there been?
yeap you've understood the answer right.
What country has the most maple trees?
How long should the drive to work take?
Send answer to George.
i wouldn't really know.
How many lists are open
you did awesome work, musch appreciated, olly.
Please update my calendar event with the location of Lansing Michigan
raise the light.
beg your pardon.
How cold is it outside?
today get umberrlow
i am sorry but it's not correct response.
Please remind me to call mom in half an hour
Can you empty my calendar?
When Einstein Died?
PDA: Throw away my to-do list please
When will grief subside after losing parent
Olly, what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck?
What's happening around town
Explain God ?
Tell me a joke about chickens.
Volume settings, please
list college sports for tomorrow in tulsa
Click Save.
thanks for reminding me of it, olly.
Add Jane's birthday party for tomorrow, 2pm at 123 Main St on my calendar.
i like you cancel.
check email and what is the latest subject?
Tell me about all the events this month on Facebook and which one's my friends are going to?
In the calender, put that we are having dinner with Frank at eight p.m. on the ninth of August.
it doesn't matter to me, olly.
what new movies are played in cinemas this week?
olly i would like you just stop.
repeat what you've said.
appreciate the asssistance.
Do we add rosemary in pasta
appreciated, that was fantastic job.
sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
Post to twitter...got a hectic day ahead.
Do I have any new emails from Luke?
Please find out the share price of Infy in Nasdaq
Any email from my client?
Help me to mute my speaker.
do i need to spare washing my car today?
My list should be ready, mind telling me what's on there?
news updates
PDA, How to cook this food?
that's great work.
wipe my calendar clean
get it with fry
my health planning
can you speak one more time again please.
Do I have anything else scheduled today?
when is the event going to start?
tell me what is next on my query
that is unimportant with me, olly.
yeah great response.
How warm is it?
Echo, remove Finlee's bedtime alarm
thanks for doing that, olly.
you did not find the right address.
Turn lights off.
olly remind me i have a meeting at 7pm
What is the size of a small cub
PDA will i need a jacket
shit, you didn't understand what i am looking for.
retry that.
Please tell me the score of the game.
Repeat reminder for Christmas
Describe (insert) for me please
give details about the current traffic
What's EUR USD right now?
Send email to Gary
Get rid of my wake up alarm set for Saturday.
where was the train wreck
no, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
How did Charlize Theron learn how to speak English?
Remind me to call the bank next Thursday
remove trip event
PDA change my status to chillin.
hows twitter
Olly does Sarah have a new email address listed?
olly please will you just cancel.
find remainder and delete
Rate between these currencies
Could you open my list app and check for groceries, please
wait, you did not interpret command right.
searching on holidays in my location
please lights less brighter
post this to my facebook, 'lol'
show number and contact email of Rehan, Olly
PDA, I need a taxi/Uber
repeat alarm
Is Steph Curry married?
Send an email to my family asking how they're doing
oh that's perfect job.
email the following message to this contact please
give weather stat for the week
PDA, tell me about the solar powered garden stakes
Add dan's email
switch on light
Turn lights blue
you are the best, thank you.
Alexa, lower lights down
What's on my schedule for today?
Add to my calendar: mom's fashion dinner for May fifth.
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
Tell me about the weather this week
What is the name of a lake that has dried up over the years?
WHAT ALARMS ARE SET IN THE HOUSE?
Let's have a warm glow in the front room
What's the weather this week?
i have no idea about which to choose.
that's great one, thanks.
I need a break, start it after 5 minutes
Delete To Do List
Do I have an alarm set for morning flight?
REPORT ANY NEW EMAILS
i intended to do it
What is the time difference between Eastern time and Pacific time?
Which day is Friday the 13th this year
turn on the smart plug
What movies has Casey Affleck starred in?
Olly what music do I usually like after work ?
what day was it on my birth date?
How strong is the dollar compared to the Peso.
that is not what i told you to do.
I would like my PDA to be able to discuss topics to me that i am studying in class
uh no, you gave me not correct information.
Here's an email address
open radio
Do I have an appointment today?
Show me today train time of kalka at Jodhpur.
play lupe
What happened to Fergie
How can I cook 'meal'
Seven times seven
What trending on twitter?
Food order from Grubhub
I need the stock price for Amazon.
what time is it Eastern
how do I cook ___?
Find the nearest rock station
Olly it's too dark I can't even see my hands
Is Bills pager number in my contacts?
adjust the volume
Did you resolve?
please rephrase more on the last sentence to me.
What brand hair spray does Donald Trump use?
get the workout playlist and play it
How many reminders are there for tommorrow
Make a things to do list
please create a new alarm
please let us try that one more again.
i love this song
Add an alarm for tomorrow morning at 6:00 a.m.
cancel the meeting next week thusday at 2pm
Start coffee machine.
I want to play the next episode of this podcast
Delete my grocery list in my notes.
How is this song titled?
I need a good shop
would not really bother.
avinash go with me on 5th april movie commando.
Turn volume up to highest level.
make me smile by telling a joke
PDA, Radio Please
stop, this is not right answer.
set alarm 6 am
Order a large pepperoni pizza from Dominos, to go.
When is my anniversary?
find a taxi for me
PDA no notifications for 5 minutes
Read out my list for today.
Perpetual meaning
play my favorite podcast
Comcast sucks, put that on their twitter account.
which contact haven't I called in 12 months?
can you clarify me about it further please.
What's the weather like in Toronto?
tune me song in radio.
no please search some more.
can you bright the lights please
PDA, please archive my read messages.
New emails, received in past hour
Continue the Smurfs book.
i am sorry but i think you've gottten it not right.
What is the stock price of IBM?
Please give me the traffic report for this afternoon.
funny story
what you have said was not so clear.
set an alarm for 2pm
Play some radio.
oh no, you did not get me.
Turn off WiFi when you leave home to save power
will you please once again explain.
In the Choose how you would like to be notified section, check the Email box for each type of notification youd like to receive.
Delete my appointment tomorrow
olly that's all, just stop it.
Erase all data from calendar
i would like to hear it again.
Play me some rock
Make me a new checklist.
Is it snowing right now?
Turn on radio now.
speak one more time please.
i need a good joke
Ok Google,  can you tell me what the White House is?
Will you send a calendar invite out to James and Alice for brunch at 11 am on Tuesday?
can you recommend any pub in m.g road
i need to hear what said again.
Play fault in our stars on Audible
Play my Gym playlist
Show me New York Times news.
What do my lists look like?
Compose a new email, but I got a new address this time, brandon at example dot com
find my thai takeaways around grassmarket
prompt me about TV programm at 16:15 on Thursday at BBC four
appreciate your asssistance.
what is the meaning of ultra?
can you retry what said please.
Get me answers
olly could you please shut off.
I hate this song. Please remember that so that I don't hear this song ever again.
popup meeting
Increase the volume please
Vacuum the floor
What is the current weather condition in my place
stop, i think you understood me incorrectly.
Please start an email for my sister.
what has been the best selling product on sports category in amazon for the last 3 days?
Open twitter type my complaint and post to @consumer service
yes that's excellent.
What color hair does Britney Spears have?
How is Coca-Cola stock doing today?
Select the contact
Put on some Led Zeppelin
I needed to prepare for a meeting.
What is open late in L.A?
you have done it right thank you so much.
Please tell me when's my financial meeting?
start play johns audiobook
Delete the To Do list on March 18, 2017.
Olly how's it hangin.
Play (genre) radio
find the shortest distance for the location needed
turn off all the lights
please read the last email for me
i am tired
Arrange and play all songs of Eminem.
general information searches
What will the weather be tomorrow?
open a song from the given list
Silence please.
olly could you just stop please.
hi google pls send mail to mom i am comin home on this weekend
recall me wedding anniversary day
Give me the address of my hairdresser for the meeting today
what alarms I have set?
Remove my event at 1 P.M. in my calendar.
When does the moon set in the Westt?
that's great, thank you.
is it male or female?
Show me how to cook low calorie breakfast.
At what time is my alarm set?
PDA turn wemo plug socket off
How many birthday's are on 23rd.
What is the amount for train ticket booking?
How tall is a giraffe?
Open calendar and erase all events for all months.
<unk>
Nightime
find me a podcast about animals.
Do i require a winter jacket this AM?
Stop the audio
it is useful, thank you.
Play 4th song of the same album after this song.
Where was Kelly Clarkson born?
Where is ... located?
wheres the closest sainsbury's
Open radio and play news in rainbow station
I need 99 (point) 5 please
wouldn't really mind for any one.
WHat is the latest news from CBS?
the command was confirmed.
Meet with Joe tomorrow at 3
Tell me the highest mountain in the world``
Create a new daily event.
Tweet consumer service that the delivery is late.
hmm, you've done this all in wrong manner.
how do i make mashed potatoes
thanks but you're incorrect.
Play a talk program about child care
i want to know more about this person
Is tomorrow's appointment in the Middletown office?
How do I dial Sarah?
that's helpful,, olly.
Remove no. 3 alarm of list.
Olly, how would you describe the sun?
Remove Soccer list from notes
Remove the guest list I created last week
Find the residential address of Tom Hanks.
Increase the volume of the music to 90
In jaisalmer traffic level is less
Do I have anything scheduled today between 3 and 4pm?
Where is the closest Mexican restaurant?
do I have anything set for the 4th of July this year?
At what temperature should I bake cookies?
Show me the meetings held last week
that is useful, thanks, olly.
I want to play the audiobook Good Grief.
Do I need to apply sunburn cream when I go to Golf club?
Olly, today I had a record breaking sale!
get ready for the upcoming meeting before the given time
WHAT TIME IS MY APPOINTMENT ON APRIL 4TH?
please update my status on facebook with good evening
i would not know, olly.
Remind me about my anniversary in advance.
Do I have any meetings today?
tell me the list about
repeat what you have just said.
Repeat all.
Olly, show me where the nearest restaurant is
what's on tv
it was useful, thanks, olly.
How many bases has Nick Swisher stolen in his career?
a quarter to two
Dreams
open fm
appreciated, that is great job.
Start the vaccum for me.
Explain the Book of Daniel to me
you are awesome, thank you, olly.
Play it louder
what is the name of that song that just went off
find a recipe for homemade bread
position the top five most listened to songs on my playlist in a queue starting at most listened to
whatever is ok for me.
Pull up Peking Garden online
Tell me today's date
Let dog out
Tweet samsung to let them know my washer is on fire.
tell me if>>>>
Play led Zeppelin houses of the holy
how much is the us dollar worth in canada?
Can you please turn off the Wemo plug socket?
I have a meeting tomorrow at 2pm with John, put that in my calendar.
How many alarms are listed?
Olly, lets hear The United States of Anxiety podcast
and the light began
it seems like your command is wrong.
<unk> ok buy that one
May I ask you to remove next event from my calender
Hey PDA, Did i get any new emails?
do I have anything going on tonight?
What is happening with Brexit today?
thanks for reminding me.
Apply search and check
Play the seventh episode of The Morning After.
Play music by queen.
Put on some techno music please.
Tell me more about my events.
Start a conversation with me about politics
equalize the bass of this music.
thanks but i think you have got me incorrect.
once again explain to me please.
Do you know what day it is?
I would love it to be able to physically lift/maneuver objects
Add a new email for Julie Smith.
Is calendar event true?
List out all song
What's going on in the world these days?
i was not clear about your answer.
Create a reminder for Visa application on this Thursday
Is it going to be hot in two hours?
Can I get a recipe for x?
Has the budget been voted on yet?
Do i need a jacket
can you confirm what said please.
I'd like to know what time it is right now.
Who is currently the oldest living person in the world?
Provide what is there on the list
Will you please turn off the smart plug
Put a 7pm meeting time down for March 14th
Delete the monthly recurring team meeting till June.
Where can I find this song, PDA?
what did you mean by this.
find a weather
show me what i asked to see.
Save information about love of Beyonc
olly could you shut off.
How many new articles have been posted at USA Today in the past hour?
your words is not so clear.
ios
Was my meeting today rescheduled?
Mute speakers
Divide two hundred by four.
Please let me know the morning alarm time for Weekdays
Can you turn it up a little?
Tell me what is on my list.
What is the current traffic situation
Hey olly play my favourite podcast from list
PDA office lights off
What is Uber?
appreciated, that's wonderful job.
Send to kmart@shopyourway.com...I am waiting for a response from my earlier email reference number 783543. Any help would be appreciated.
will you please confirm what i just said.
remind me jack birthday is on 15th march
please replay that.
What is the tallest mountain in Tucson?
what events do I have comming up
Olly, read me the weather forcast for this week.
make a list
Olly, what is a good lave to eat near me?
i want you check the detail please.
could you tell me who's birthdays are there in feburary
turn the sound up
Fill my calender with a meeting with Garvin and Trilly for December 5th  at 5:30 p.m.
what is the coldest state in the us
please remind this sunday to go to mass
play britney spears live concert series
The 22nd is on what day of the week?
would you tell me it one more again.
you are the best, i appreciate it.
What will be the weather today night
Just let me know the important meetings with my boss over the week
Reschedule the party to Thursday.
What events are scheduled next Tuesday between 11am and 3pm?
I do not know how to answer this question, you left a word or two out.
What is my most played song?
What is the date of next Saturday?
i don't really mind for whatever.
Change the light colour to green
What type of stone is in this ring
whats the definition of indignation
could you further clarify what you have said to me please.
Get me the latest stock price for Costco
train leaving
go to agha station
It would be good if my PDA can connect peoples
show last mail from john
thank you so much for the answer, olly.
could you please check and confirm what i said.
How old is Meryl Streep?
it is confirmed.
please can you say the last again.
Play next Nutritional Facts
WHO IS THE PRESIDENT OF AMERICA?
cnn world news
Find the list you want to delete.
s2, i couldn't understand what you just said.
TELL ME WHAT TIME IS IT?
shit, i did not ask for this answer.
remind me at 6:30 pm
Search for new email after 5pm
thanks for your helps.
thank you for completing it, olly.
Delete all dates
Check delivery options for the restaurant.
where Ashwin hasted?
Time now in New York.
Show current track in music player.
Brew some coffee
I am unavailable from 4 to 6 in the evening tomorrow. Mark my calendar.
is it bumper to bumper
Delete all events for the next five days
How old is janet jackson
Which song is that?
yeap that was confirmed.
good night
Play a news radio station
Please check my emails for me.
Send a happy birthday message to my aunt.
I want to hear some music.  Turn on the radio.
I would like it if my PDA could do my work for me.
what album is this song on
Olly what's on my to-do list for today?
MY CHOICE TO PLAY AN AUDIO FROM MIDDLE OF THE OBJECTS
Clear this list
s1, please further explain me about the last sentence.
In how many hours will it be midnight in London, England?
What is the dress code for (event)?
show latest email
ticket for NY
retry the last one said.
Any new email from the boss?
Olly, can you please add my dinner reservations to my calender?
great job, you've done well.
current emails
Order chinese for delivery.
Please tell me about a hour before Thursday about my hair appointment.
Set reminder for tomorrow at 2 pm.
do i have any remainder about birthday party
What was the first movie of Morgan Freeman?
Events in my March Calender has to be listed.
Do I have a sales meeting today?
can i know what i on the list
could you check the detail please.
s2, i couldn't get what you have said.
What is the time difference between India and Ivory Coast?
play ping pong
Alexa, please send an email to mom
order me postmates of mcdonald
Do I have anything scheduled for today?
How many reminders do I have pending?
Open the Grubhub app so I can order take-out.
All music released between 1990 and 2000 is only to played.
this song is too good
How many people are coming to tonight's dinner?
play the melody song from audiobook
Will Sting be in Tampa Florida soon
I'd like to send an email to the new receptionist's email.
Tell me about the presidential race.
list todo
at 4pm how long will be the remaining travel time to the destination
that's fantastic, thank you.
Set 12 noon prayer for every friday
Suggest me some metal music
would you try what i have just said one more time please.
where is the venue?
Remove item 3 from the list.
Give me the best pizza deals offered today.
please ring the wake up alarm at 8 am next saturday
Olly you have to check out Kfix he's the best
Where was Keith Urban born?
what is the weather forecast?
Book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
what is now stock price of tata
Increase light intensity.
Dim lights
What's on my list to do today?
delete birthday party
i like you to check and confirm the detail please.
Remind me to go to the library on Friday.
Check mail for anything from Shelly
it's great one, musch appreciated, olly.
Where is a great pub
Please add smith.joe@email.com to the contact information for Joe Smith.
Email to Matthew with content: Project finished, send me invoice please.
Schedule a delivery from food at the nearby takeaway diner
Latest tweets
Go backward 30 seconds.
Play audiobook
COULE YOU PLEASE PLAY THE SONG OF MICHAEL JACKSON.
Play football with me
Write this complaint to Comcasts customer service twitter
Compose an email to (name)
i am sorry but i think you're incorrect.
would you please check question.
Do I have any events scheduled today?
What song am I listening to?
olly that's all, stop it.
s1, again rephrase your answer to me please.
Shut off the lights in the kitchen
Create a list for today's tasks
PLEASE COULD YOU TELL ME THE GOOD RESTAURANT IN NEW YORK..
i was not clear about what you just said now.
Latest finance news
How crowded is Los Angeles?
Switch from blue to yellow lights
Hey PDA, order me some take out from Jason's Deli
you understood me incorrect.
Play '70s music now
olly stop.
Hey, call the nearest Chinese restaurant for a takeaway
what is rock sand
Slow down the speaker volume
how much gas do i have in my car
pda delete list blank
Remind me tomorrow morning of my schedules for Tuesday
Order a meal from a nice restaurant
olly would you shut up please.
I need an alarm for 9pm.
transcribe email <unk>
open remainder and find meeting time
What's a description of a virtual reality headset?
please would you check that.
Will I need a coat for work today?
chess playing
Tell me every day to take green tea at 4 PM
Help to remind me to delete completed projects
What is the financial capital of Canada?
Carlos' Linux upgrade email
thanks but i think that's not the correct response.
please post this message to my Facebook page
Update me on Washington Post
africa info
respond to the mail of ash in morning
How many children does Sandra Bullock have?
Turn the vacuum on
please brighten the room
find hotel order food name
Olly, send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
give me to do list
explain last sentence once again please.
Play Tennis for me
Will the tempature be in the 80's today
What are the scores fo the two UCL games going on right now.
are there any shopping centers nearby
i am sorry but i think it was not the correct command.
How do I make 'meal'
Lights off in the guestroom.
Please Find all name start with alphabetic of 'G' and create a list.
Do you hear songs of A.R.Rahman music?
can u pls change the timezone to us
Check to see if I have new emails please.
Is it 2nd Saturday on 12th.
what to do next
down
Please repeat that music again of Akon.
I need some more lights.
yeah great response to command.
Confirm whether the color is blue
Tell consumer service in a tweet that if they don't improve I will take my business elsewhere.
weather like
anything new on insta
After this song please play this song
Get me the time in London now.
What bra size is julianne hough?
Collect all ingredient needed for cooking with exact measurments and neccessary equpiments
whats the news like in the UK
Play Marvin Gaye I Want You
let's try the last word spoken one more again please.
i am sorry but i think it's not the right command.
Recommend a movie playing in my area.
Olly, today was the best day of my life.
meeting this friday
PDA, play kiss fm for me.
I want you to remove this event
you did perfect work,.
Hold
What is the time Central
tell me if the following is true about the weather:
put alarm at 5 AM
put this on my list
tuesday lunch meeting
When was (insert) last academy award winning movie?
find restaurant order food name
I would love to hear more songs by that artist
what is the square root of 36
What are the chances of the stock market closing below the 200 moving average in the next 14 days
Remember Metallica selections for next time
would you try that instruction said again please.
Do you enjoy being a PDA?
how is everything olly
I will need my filter coffee in 10 mins. Please ask the coffee maker accordingly.
Could you get me some coffee
I want a recipe for a burrito.
that is good one, i appreciate it.
What's the weather?
what is my most played podcast
i'd like you to check and confirm the instruction please.
turn the lights down
remove dentist appointment from the 12th
Where is North Dakota?
please will you check my last question.
speak the last words one more time please.
Play Jazz from Jennifer's latest album
What are movies that are playing near me with high reviews
let us try it one more again please.
Check the events on calendar and delete the next event
go to calendar and schedule event
please check and confirm my last instruction.
Fastest route to Turiellos
Volume louder/softer
WIll I need an umbrella today?
PDA please make a list.
joke me
I would like my PDA to tell me the trend on foreign exchange rates
anything is ok to me.
give me the time of the events
Can you play a rap station?
hoover the carpets around
Events in <City>
Go silent for a day.
whatever would be good to me.
Remove the event off the calender
oh it is awesome.
yeah you have got my instructions exactly.
What time is it in the eastern half of the US right now.
Do I have any appointments today?
yeah amazing response.
is there an alarm at 4 am?
Will there be snow this week?
will you speak what i have just said once more please.
Quiet on.
browsing centres
will you rephrase me more on what you have just said please.
does not really matter to me.
Send Danielle an email.
it does not really matter to me, olly.
How's the weather this week?
Can you tell me a little about yourself?
remind me tommorrow at 10 AM to wish my friend
Add broccoli to my grocery list.
Continue playing X where I left off.
Write an email, recipient, Ray.
sorry but i think that's not the correct answer.
lose the last item in the list.
Whats the Ratio of value of the indian rupee and a us dollar?
is there anything happening on jazz scene around Edinburgh?
Please tell me the date
set a notification for june 5th every year
What can I substitute butter with?
Latest world news please.
What are the headlines from the new york times
thanks but that was not the right response.
tell me the time of train X
Give me my social media update
nope, you gave me wrong information.
can you scratch the milk off my grocery list
Where is DELL standing in stock market right now?
Start my favourite podcast
When did I get an email from John Smith about car accident
Nice lyrics.
Please change the volume to mute
yeap that is confirmed.
update work out list with new items
pls increase the volume
Now it's 5.30 pm in India. What about the time in Ivory Coast?
What else is on my calendar after my last meeting at 2 PM?
Are there any events happening in town?
seems like olly's command was incorrect.
Any funny jokes?
send a tweet to safeway about water in my gas
olly switch to red colored lights
Send email to family member and read it first.
Put the radio on and play radio 2
What is the stock price for Lexmark?
Hey Olly, order two wings with french fries from the Chinese food store.
start new list
How much is 22USD in euros
Resume audiobook player.
On my grocery list, please add oranges.
Remove calendar events for this week
stop and try what you've just said one more again.
remind me to check morning news update
I need to know all new news on the Houston Texans draft.
say one more again.
nope wrong.
tweet a complaint to telephone exchange
play me news radio channel
raie lights
send new email to joejoe@gmail.com
PDA name: kill the lights
Is the answer of 5+2, 7?
is the weather bad in new york right now
Please find me 80's music
What friends were in popular places the last day?
please can you say it one more time again.
LIGHTS turn off
start playing the following podcast
PDA name: when does the train arrive at xxxx station
Do you know the name of the song that is playing?
that's enough.
Was anyone arrested at the protest today in Chicago?
thanks for your help.
Cancel medical engagements this weekend.
Did I remember to set a reminder alarm for my next doctor's appointment
search calendar and set meeting on January  25
I want the music to be saved. Can you do it for me?
Order a latte from Starbucks.
Send a snotty tweet to BBC
it's good one, thank you so much, olly.
Set an alarm for this 8:00 PM this evening
Find Twitter handle of Tom Cruise
make a call to
sorry but i think you don't get it correctly.
will you please check and confirm the detail.
What is the capital city of Colorado?
Do you feel more like a machine or a person?
s2, i can not catch that.
PDA can you schedule me for a hair cut on April 1st in Saskatoon.
I would like to know the events happening around here
Olly, remind me about my next meeting, a few hours ahead of time.
remind me at 13:00
search on his interests
Do I have any appointments on March 30th
Can you update my facebook profile picture to the image I took from Google office yesterday?
PDA play from this point form this audiobook
who has covered this song?
Can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area?
Send a funny message to all of my friends
would like to know the time of train X
please check and confirm my last question.
What time is it in Tokyo, Japan?
Do i have any get-togethers this week?
Search: matthews, deadlines.
Give me a classical radio station.
Review set alarms.
adjust sound
I would like to order some takout
it's excellent, appreciated.
would you confirm last thing i said please.
When does the next meeting start?
What the highest likes on facebook?
Set reminder for meeting with Mitushree on 04/04/2017
what will the weather be like a week from now
What time is my doctor appointment this week?
Delete all the events of today
Increase the volume to max, please.
tell me once again.
find a joke in your vault and tell me
What is a substitute for margarine?
How does (insert model) do her makeup?
Who build the Paris tower?
alexa  classic rock
What is the quickest way to Grand Central?
whats the time in denver?
Coach and fare
Give me a list of lists.
Read me new emails
What are my reminders?
alexa give me the definition for the world pontificate
Tell what is the value of sin 30
Was Einstein married?
need a hot coffee
Show the list of upcoming events
Can you please stop speaking
Can you tell me what movies are playing at the movies tonight?
I have bad experience with bugs in this hotel tweet this to customer service and give them link relevance to this topic
Help me buy a train ticket to Denver for next Tuesday morning.
will play chess
Pull up my shopping list.
play my mash up
who is the music director of this song
What's an interesting fact not many people know?
Keep playing War and Peace.
isn't food great?
Remind me to read book next week
UPDATE ANY NEW EMAILS
How is traffic on the highway?
Do I have anything on this date?
what's the latest news on CNN?
sorry but that's not right answer.
Change over to NPR on my radio.
can you repeat please.
Is it windy out?
Can you tell me what 25 percent of 2100 is?
Play some good background musc
Where is the best place to buy party supplies in town?
open the list
How any times does 50 go into 1 million?
What is on the list?
What reminders do I have today?
Show me the best podcast of folk songs having good rating and play it.
I need to keep two toddlers busy - tell me what to do
Set the music volume to 90
can it takeaway from ammi biryani.
what did you mean by saying that.
appreciated, that's amazing.
book a train ticket for me
Should I bring an umbrella with me right now?
Read me the news for the day
you've got my instructions right.
remove alarm if any
Google search the topic
rowan atkinson info
Can you tell me the total number of Oceans in the world?
Skip this episode.
Is the traffic smooth right now?
I want sweet potato pie from a local bakery
Can you tweet Lifx about their app crashing?
What email notifications do I have?
can you give me local news on wayne county sheriffs?
play any pop fm channel
Where is San Francisco?
can you check train schedule to Berkeley
let's do it again please.
Did Kim Kardashian go to the Paris fashion shows this year?
seems like the answer was not correct.
Review the alarms I have
Olly Play be warned by tech n9ne
tell me later about
Did my mom send me an email?
PDA, do I have any plans for today?
define transcendet
What is email id of John.
can you add to my calendar an event for next friday
Tweet for me the complaint about disease prevention
Please add dinner plans to my calendar for (specific date/time) at (specific location)
hi
whats the currency exchange rate for china
you've done the command correcly.
i am sorry but i think that is not the right response.
Show me the song @ from list
well done, thank you.
no, it is not what i just requested.
i need a event to be created with only these people
make me laugh
Which event should I attend in my area?
what is the menu today, add some boiled vegetables also to it
What is going on today in Biloxi
please wake me up at 7:30 am
would not know.
where to buy cannon cameras
What event is next?
Remove my meeting today at 1:00 P.M.
Mark next Tuesday in my calendar as Steve's birthday.
Please turn off left side lights.
try the last message one more time please.
whats happening around my town
Remind me about the meeting with Harry on Monday
Delete meeting schduled with John on 21 March
hi google pls remove the birthday event on coming sunday
Add Bob to my list of contacts.
have I received any mail in the last hour
road traffic
i couldn't catch that.
Remove my next scheduled appointment please.
Show me what shops are around me.
do i have any new emails from my contact Q?
Tell me something about America.
Tell more about this event
Repeat the song playing now
please would you check instruction.
Olly what's John's home phone number?
turn on the wemo
PDA when will the world end?
repeat birthday
Set up recurring date on my calendar
what I do not like
What is 23 times 52?
Are there any forecasts of rain or snow this week?
begin vaccum
Notify me of the meeting on tuesday
what is the current time in chennai
How much is an euro worth?
Set lunch every day at 12:30.
Inform me about international news
you have done command exactly.
send alert mail to sandy
Hello you look great
Are the podcasts from X Available yet?
you did great work, thanks.
Can you book an Uber after I left for office?
PDA book my next free day in the calender for me to get a haircut at Sally's.
Give me the train time
Start email for address not in contacts.
Cortana, let me know when a next event if occurring from my calendar and send me a notification.
Is my golf game going to get rained out?
turn on surfin usa
could you do it again please.
try your last thing one more time please.
email my sister about mom's birthday. Jane we should think about arranging the party at the park
Olly, Is a dollar worth more or less in brazil?
Can you do 9+2?
how north need I go to see northern lights this week?
post the message now
please will you tell me once more.
Is it raining tonight?
Please remove this item from the list
How tall is Madonna?
you have got the answer exactly.
i think you've understood me wrong.
Play Flappy Bird.
Hey, start vacuum cleaner robot
whats the weather like tomorrow.
Turn up the volume on my speakers.
Super song!
I don't need that event anymore.
Whats new in London
sorry but you had me wrongly.
give me the latest updates
How does production and population affects us?
compaint to dept. for food quality
you have gotten command perfectly.
How many unread emails do I have?
Define astronomy
Today I am feeling very stressed.
Where are we in the stream of time?
Is there any reminder for me?
what's that.
Lower the lights
Turn the lights on full bright.
Play my favorite music
Turn off the 6AM alarm for Wednesday
Compose email for Robert.
please clarify me on that further.
help me call xxx
what's the time in China right now?
can you confirm it.
Instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in 10 mins.
sent complaint to tweeter @
Please play any Joy Division album.
Change the lights of the house to a blue hue.
can you tell me what kind of weather now.
PDA is it a good day to go to the beach
which ocean touches at our continent
Give me the description of a Laptop circuit
Tell me the percentage of the chance of rain in Seattle, Washington for today.
Open the folder app please
PDA, Give me directions to my nearest bank location
what time is it in someplace?
Turn up the volume.
Schedule my meeting with my girlfriend Lisa in the night today at 9 PM.
any event message is available in last two days
what does source have to say about topic
what are my meetings in the coming week
that was not what i was looking for.
Tell me time it is.
Please play jazz music.
yeap strongly agree.
Thursday at 2pm I must meet with Mr Fox, please mark the calendar.
Can you describe what she was wearing in that movie.
What wine is best for dinner?
Set notification for all-day meeting April 20th
political news
Description of Iphone 7
perfect response to command.
Find me a gas station close by
End pause on audio book history of Rome
Tweet on the bad service
Can you put the lights on the high setting?
would you confirm it.
play justin bieber on shuffle
yeah you've got my instructions correcly.
Format data from calendar
what is level of traffic at washington
Who's birthdays are today on Facebook?
Find me new comments from my Facebook
What is the definition of logic
Add this email to my contact
what is recipe
tell me once more please.
yes wonderful response.
set alarm for tomorrow morning at 6 am
PDA: Please let me know when there is an update to the plane crash story
Turn off wemo
set an alarm for next tuesdays meeting
Set up a date for just you and me!
Could you speak up?
Lower the lights in the house.
that's useful, musch appreciated.
how many calories in an orange
Remove Mother from my contact list.
Latest TV show news
that was not what i meant.
increase the light
anything would be fine with me.
Where does Janet Jackson live?
What is happening in the world?
don't really care, olly.
Define Schadenfraude.
What's on a list about my meetings this month?
change my clock to central time zone from my current zone
date in new york
can you please confirm details.
yes it's excellent.
add light
Send email to Robert.
Please play NPR Podcast
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
Explain me about Rock.!
set alarm for 03/06/2017 at 5am
list all train time to Ny
PDA are you real
What time will it rain tomorrow?
Make the coffee
get city cab here to airport
agree.
can you turn on the hit song of Lady gaga
How many floors does the Empire State Building have?
What events are near me ?
Turn off all alarms
Book a train ticket from Canada to Las Vegas.
Compose email to my mom...
that is of no importance to me, olly.
I want max volume on my speakers
define ambulance
Start playing NPR in the kitchen.
What's the weather in Toronto today
Get me an Amtrak ticket to Boston for next Thursday, the later the better.
What is jay's phone number
Delete my dentist appointment.
find the ways of travel for the same
Are jello shots calorie free?
What time is it right now in Australia?
please let us try what i've said one more time again.
i am sorry but it's not the correct answer.
brighten the lights in this room
DIRECTIONS TO DISNEY LAND
cancel alarm for tomorrow
What would be the easiet way to become a millionaire in less than five years?
What's the average price of a house in Michigan?
What are the latest updates on my Facebook account
has dad sent any emails recently?
Save this post about the song that I just listened too.
it is unimportant to me.
did Mike send me an email
Could you create a new list for me
Plaease give me detail of o zaalima song.
What has Trump done now?
What is the area of Alaska
if idle then turn off else turn on
Remove all the events of last month from the calendar
PDA please add new item to list
i would not really mind.
clear schedule
pick up wuthering heights where we left off
What is the exact time now?
what time is it in another city?
Where is Montana.
Book a taxi to go to the movies at 1
Can you tell me my weekly list?
that's helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
When does the super bowl officially start?
Alexa, delete the events from the calendar on 28th march
Please do not respond.
What does one have to damage in cream to make butter?
quite
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
what is the status of my order?
can u give the date today
Show me news from CNN
Olly, should I keep my windows open tonight?
play item 1
is 1005 divisible by 3
Olly what ingrediants do I need to make Lobster Bisque
PDA, can you give me a rundown on John Legend?
yes you've done command exactly.
How much does a bowling ball cost?
give me a news paper
What's happening in Cambridge
Who sings the song that I am listening to right now?
Refresh the inbox and update about any unread mails
What year was Chuck Norris born?
macdonald shops
Play me some pop.
PLEASE TWEET FOR ME ABOUT THE BAD SERVICE RENDED BY THE TAJ RESTURANT.
Where is baseball practice happening tomorrow?
any one will be good to me, olly.
What is the current price of brent crude?
Where is X located?
Is it raining?
would you clarify further please.
Find a recipe for German chocolate cake.
Please remove the alarm set for Wednesday called kickball.
What are listed?
can you tell me what alarms i have set
Cortana, turn corner light on
i want to send email to my friend jack@gmail.com
today date
retry the last spoken.
Please give me the best garlic bread recipe.
on politics
celebrity info
Is it going to warm up soon?
I want to make a complaint to the consumer
Change light colors from blue to white.
HOw much is STarbuck's stock these days?
Convert 10 miles to kilometers
Alexa, create an email to mom and ask about this week's weather.
Show me news from CNN for today.
I need to order some food from Papa John's.
ONE DANCE
Why does Tom Izzo look like a whiny bitch when his team plays?
What is going on right now on twitter?
make an alarm for the meeting with bob at 7 today
yes it's right.
Put on a playlist of Danish music.
begin music player in playlist
Olly, trending social media?
did i get an email from Mike
Take a snap
Olly what movie theatres are in Stephenville?
Tell me the train arrival time to New York
Directions to New Orleans
Schedule lunch with Tom next week on Monday at 11:30 am
a cup of coffee please
Do you know any joke?
When will my dinner with Max scheduled to happen?
call to the customer care
Convert eastern time to western time.
Tsunami reasons
What is happening after 1 and before 3pm?
what temperature is it?
alexa make an event reminder for a meeting with mona on tuesday
Can you book a train ticket?
In what scenario would you use word inconvenience?
would not mind to choose any one.
What's the current breaking news about the economy?
Do you think I can wear sandals or should I wear sneakers tonight at 7pm?
Current time please.
Book me an Uber ride to go home
Tell me the last message
would you say what you said once again please.
if I have $20 how much is that in pesos alexa
This is a five star song!
Find me the cheapest copy of The Four Hour Body?
add an event
thanks, that was awesome job.
ABHI JO SONG PLAY HO RAHA HAI USKE BAARE ME KYA KHYAAL HAI ?
you understood my instructions perfectly.
List me the audiobooks I have already listened to.
Turn the living room's light off
what you have said was not so clear to me.
Delete item 4
Turn this room's light off
I want to listen to elton john in a live concert
What reminders are coming up this week?
Olly, list all the nearby shops
Add a movie name to the wish list
that's good one.
Remind me about Mike's birtdays
Give me some cafes near downtown Fort Lauderdale.
It would be nice if you post status for me.
Please check alarms
I heard Alex just got married. Can you please show me the wedding pictures on their instagram?
hey siri make the lights a little dimmer
Skip forward
Will it be good to buy NIKE stock today
start my playlist on I Heart Radio
Play for me the programme Americal idol
what is the biggest city in new hampshire?
What is an organism?
How are things looking for the meeting with John?
Please give me information about Jhon Abraham Lincon
yeah right response.
Delete the next wedding event
Clear all events from calendar
What are the ingredients in macaroni and cheese?
I want to play FIFA 17
I want you to mute
Turn up the volume of my speakers
Play the next podcast episode.
book me a taxi.
There is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
How much does General Tsos chicken cost a Peking Garden?
Play music by KORN
create new event 'christmas' and add to calender
Olly, please list the best clothing shops near me.
What are the similarities between Donald Trump and Obama?
s2, i am unclear about what you said.
Clear up my calendar
I need to book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
Do you think I should see a movie or go out to dinner?
Can you set an alarm for me?
what is happening Olly
please confirm last thing i said.
get a cup of coffee ready now
Do I have a meeting today?
create a playing teams and play with them
most viewed list
what is the traffic like right now on telegraph?
Can you please describe the I phone seven?
Can you tell me if any events are planned in my area?
create an email to ____
emails now
Whay day does Easter fall on this year?
that is of no importance, olly.
you've done it right thank you.
Run the vacuum.
you are hero, thanks.
Let's see whats around, PDA.
Create e-mail to Yulia
does not matter with me, olly.
Send a tweet to at modcloth that I don't like that they wouldn't honor sales prices for me.
i think this is not correct.
darken
well done, appreciated.
will you tell me again please.
play checkers with me
Hot news.
Disable the first alarm
upcoming events information
Book me a return trip from Edinburgh to London by train
Play my top rated playlist
Tell me what the date is today.
favourite podcast
Delete everything in my calendar.
Set an alarm for 5 am
Increase the brightness in this room.
I want to drink cofee
i would like you just cancel.
How tall is Brad Pitt?
What is the tallest mountain?
what causes osteoperosis
I'd like to listen to 99 (point) 5
Silence volume on speakers.
Turn off the PDA's sound
it was nice job, thanks, olly.
i'd like to hear what i've said again.
How large is Alaska?
can you check and confirm the detail.
I want to listen to 94.1 please.
Check my Twitter account
please say one more time again.
Tell me about the events near me
Have I received any email since 5 pm?
you've done it right musch appreciated.
When did Elvis die
Make the radio turn on now
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
repeat music
Remove my 1:30 appointment.
Quiet time
replay what i've just said please.
Open CNN app
Please list the subject lines of last twenty received emails.
Order a ham and cheese sandwich from Subway
Siri, cancel all soccer practice alarms
I need to send an email to Laura.
i didn't ask for it command.
set a reminder for james' party on the third
thanks but i think it's incorrect command.
i wouldn't mind to choose any one.
Give me the weather forecast for this week.
how many of my contacts live or work in Detroit?
yeap great.
Rearrange that off the list
Olly, tweet a message to At&t and tell them my service is bad.
Please stop for a bit.
yes the command was confirmed.
How much is $5.00 in Philippine peso?
How ling is an Earth day?
uhh no, i did not say it.
uh no, it is not what i just requested.
could you please confirm what i said.
it's useful, i appreciate it, olly.
it's exact.
you are my hero, i appreciate it.
PDA, Coffee
Tweet Best Buy about my bad experence.
what do you mean by saying that.
Add build my resume to my to-do list.
PDA, I want to update my status on ****
Has John Smith sent me any new email?
Please increase volume
Can you loop the playlist themes?
Play new pop music
have no idea for which to select.
Aroma
could you speak it once again please.
Set reminder notification for three o'clock
What is the news headlines for this week?
Add Carl's email to my contact.
olly i need next weeks lunch put on the calendar
Is it too cold to go swimming?
Turn all the lights off.
Friend updates.
Could you please schedule a meeting with this person
Open audio book history of Rome.
Hey, lets just talk
Please let me know when is Sam's birthday
Martial Arts
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
Change this time to IST
Should I bring a coat?
set frequency of the radio
Does the restaurant have delivery?
open album name
Turn off the nearest light to me
Keep me updated on this
Do I have a 2pm appointment
want to play a game?
PDA: I've got $300 for the month, how much can I spend every day this month?
again elaborate your answer.
i have no idea for which to select.
What's new on iTunes?
Find out the the train arrival time and book me.
Turn the volume down a little please
play my station
Is IBM up today?
send to the contact an email as follows:
play favorited podcasts on fishing
I need a uber to my current location.
Open email to new person, please.
uhh no, you didn't understand what i was searching for.
Order food
What day of the week is the 27th?
wait, i think that's not the right answer.
PDA, Please help me turn on the robot vacuum cleaner.
agreed.
set my cooking classes on Tuesdays at 5pm
alexa complain for me to@nsa
perfect job, you did well.
Please create a new list for me
Can you turn on the vacuum?
produce a new register
Please provide world hot news
Set phone to vibrate for a reminder 5 minutes before my next meeting
can you turn on the radio
Manage facebook status
Can you tell me what flabbergasted means?
Dolores, How was your day
i would like to hear what you've just said again.
Has **** sent me any emails?
Meeting july calender
What is latest news about Donald Trump? Tell me about controversial statements of Donald Trump.
Did Paul email me recently?
that's perfect, i appreciate it.
would you reset please.
Pull up political news today from CNN
uhh no, you gave me not right information.
get me details of this person
nearest walmart loction
Could you tell me what time it is?
Hey Olly what's up.
Find an Uber that can get me to the airport now.
Look up 'melancholy'.
please remind me for the function at miami tomorrow
Contact Pizza Hut and order a large pizza with ham and mushrooms.
olly will you shut off.
What's on tomorrow night?
you have done task all wrong.
what is today's day
Remind me that I have a meeting at 3pm tomorrow.
play classical chamber music playlist
What is a mango?
give a hand to this game.
what time in Las Vegas?
What is the price of stock for GM?
Play the last Doctor Who radio broadcast
Hey, I'd like you to order burger
today was fun
Turn on Bjork.
Play The Veldt by deadmau5
Is there any upcoming events
Turn on talk radio
show contact of john
I would like to hear bohemian raphsody
Delete lunch tommorrpw
tweet a complain about my shoe color on flipkart
please can you shut off.
I need to change my house lights colour to blue
On every tuesday remind me to go shopping.
20 questions. You start.
what is the time now in new york
Can I see the previous episode?
What's new on textile design?
Creat a list
Important house information
start 80s playlist from track one
What is the time in Chicago?
shit, i think you did a task all wrong.
are there any construction areas on Harvard?
I want the light in the kitchen powered off.
tell me the weather in utah
Find a recipe for dinner tonight
Get me directions to Meijer
best shop in local area
What is 1 dollar in euros?
WHAT WILL HAPPEN  TO EARTH BASED ON CLIMATIC CHANGE?
What are the Florida radio stations?
pls turn off  all the lights in my house
i think you did not get the answer right.
oops, i think that was not the right command.
Are there any news on the weather?
Email my boss that I will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting.
Where was Hugh Jackson born?
Do I have an appointment next Wednesday at 2?
fantastic job, you have done well.
PDA, start list.
please would you just cancel it.
How will be the weather today in the evening
Give me the latest political headlines across the world.
it's cool, thank you so much, olly.
CALL CHINA KING CHINESE RESTAURANT
Delete my next event
Olly, how tall is kanye west?
Is calendar event false?
What is the weather outside
Let's play workout playlist
Send an email to Jake to tell him thank you
How old is Rihanna?
email message to address
PLAY THIS PROGRAMMES IN THIS PDA'S
that's useful, thank you so much, olly.
What events are scheduled this week?
any recent emails from Anna?
Olly, when does Panama City Mall open?
What's the most popular curry place in town?
Is it true the hanging tree really had someone hung from it?
whats going on in Japan
Describe what a virtual reality headset does
What was Elvis Presley's birthday?
I need to let my small group know the location has changed
Should I wear a short sleeve?
Let's listen to a playlist.
Would you set the coffeemaker running?
this does not matter for me.
What ever happened to John Gresham?
good response.
Silence speakers.
Remind me the reminders I have set
Add 'event' to my calendar
New notification for meeting in two hours.
Hey olly read any new email to me
would you tell me it one more time please.
Tell me when i have a work meeting coming up?
Erase Shopping List
Is there a need for sun glasses ?
show difference of kids in planets
Turn up the volume on the music
reply to the latest email
How old is Bruce Willis?
that was helpful, thank you so much.
What restaurants are open near me?
Read my upcoming events ?
Any new emails in my inbox?
REMOVE ICECREAM FROM GROCERY
Remove the list of person starting from letter M in my contact list
I would like you to check my emails.
Send a batch of emails to my family
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
help me find place
please set a reminder for my 5pm meeting today
Request an Uber now
start playing my most played podcast
What year did Michael Jackson die?
i like you to check the details please.
Resume Pride and Prejudice.
notify all birthdays next week
please can you check and confirm what just said.
Any new messages?
Show me events nearby
I want to send email to jack@gmail.com
have no idea about which to choose.
Turn on the robot vacuum.
Get me the recipe for rice
how to cook a pizza
do i have to bring jacket?
How much is 136 plus 387?
Where is Mary's birthday party being held?
Tell me the synonym
Olly, can you tell me a good place to eat?
start making a coffee
what time will my alarm wake me up
Olly, play me an upbeat song through your speakers.
It's time for junk food!
tell me one more again.
Do I have new mail?
program y at radio x
How tall are the Rockies?
thanks but you do not get answer correctly.
uhh no, you have done task all wrong.
Writing
Have you heard any good jokes lately?
Email John saying I'm on Leave
nope, you did a task in wrong manner.
When does the next train to work leave
What is going on in the world today?
sorry but i think it is not right command.
you did wonderful work, i appreciate it.
Is it 5:00 yet?
What is the difference between yesterdays and todays stock prices for Walmart
Is traffic heavy?
I want a train ticket from Los Angeles to Phoenix
Show me painting exhibition in bay area
PDA, Do you know any gossip?
Make sure all events are removed from valendar
erase my next calendar event
What does potato mean?
What shops are near me?
what song is this
Bring up Facebook and wish a Happy Birthday to the Country USA.
will you confirm what last said please.
would you confirm the detail please.
oh that's fantastic job, olly.
watch out my new mails on inbox
Could you please email John saying I'm on Leave
Could you please book me a taxi going to 'location'?
show bio of rihana
Wave
is there show on my list.
Is there anything on my calendar
Remove a list please
yeap perfect.
Give me the opening stock price of Apple
Will you put in my calendar that John C. and his wife are meeting with us at four p.m. tomorrow?
make this room brighter
tell me the weather this week.
Alert me of my dentist appointment at 2pm.
What's the closing price of Apple?
The volume of the music playing now should be raised
delete all my calender events
What is the title of this song and please shuffle songs from the artist that sang it.
correct response.
Save to contacts
that's helpful, thank you very much.
PDA add Sally's Birthday to Calander for Saturday at 10pm
tell me that one more time again.
Put out the lights.
PDA check on this week's weather report
What is Angelina Jolie's birthday
Get me a ride on the commuter train from NJ to NY.
Order me n Uber ride please.
Hey PDA what's the current time in Austin?
How long will it take me to get to the west side?
Add this one also.
Tell me about the meeting this week
How hot are summers in Gibraltar?
i am sorry but i think this is not the correct response.
Turn the robot vacuum cleaner on.
i'd like you check my last instruction please.
Please repeat the current song is being played
Did Erin send me any emails?
get answer perfectly.
Play the previous podcast.
Delete event for Tuesday
Please switch off/on the wenmo plug socket.
whats that object about?
Can we play a game of hangman?
Tell me more about the Japan Day Festival.
How is my order
i have no idea for what to do, olly.
olly shut down please.
Tell me the recipe to  make cake
set a neighbor party for next week
Play Radiomango
Play best hits.
Remind me in the morning to call my mother.
i am sorry but i think you did some mistakes.
that's useful, thank you so much.
make a new email for emily
What is Starbuck's stock worth?
i was unclear about it.
hi send reply to victor cant able to attend meeting on 22/04/2017
Give me the information of today's cricket match
Add (name/location) to calendar
Start the robot vacuum cleaner now
open email
Can you please give me John's email?
Can you open my itunes?
Tell me my list
that's not what i said.
news of the train wreck
How was the traffic now
i do not care.
oops, i think it was not the correct answer.
How to make taco?
can you set radio to mute
how many countries are north of alaska
let me know about <unk>
how can i adjust the volume
get a forecast about wind speed tonight
yes you have got my instructions exactly.
what is the current time in california
What is the exchange rate between the dollar and the Euro currently?
What continent is Germany on
describe rock sand
Start poker game with me.
BIRTH DAY WHISHES
create new message, to robert @ work, What time you off, From Me, send
Show me the train schedules between madrid and barcelona for tomorrow
can you tell me the time at san francisco
I need to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
Temperature now
Please give me a 2 hour warning before next Saturdays meeting.
What do I have scheduled on July 7th?
Olly, compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better.
Remind me to to to the gym every Friday at 8:00am
Remove my list of notes from last week.
Where are the Rocky mountains?
do i have an email from person A.
how is the weather outside
Is the birthday dinner on the calendar for Friday?
you have done the command correcly.
newest world news
Please turn off the light
I need a reminder alarm at 1:00p.
i'm not doing thing this week
how will be the weather tomorrow?
USD position now?
tell me the last phrase you just said one more time again please.
earth info
I want to listen to rock music.
what is the current exchange rate from usd to rupies
please will you clarify further.
Change this song to the first place
i think your answer is not correct.
What is the population of Los Angeles?
book a train ticket from Orlando to Chicago
Remind me when I am at the library to get a new library card
amazing job, you've done well, olly.
book an Uber for 1 hour from now
grocerie list
olly what do i need for a good burger
When is the next board meeting?
you didn't say my name right.
Transit
What is the probability of rain today night
Tell taxi to pick me up at 4pm.
Olly, play netflix on my ps4.
what is the meaning of life?
will you once again rephrase me about what you just said now.
set mute until said otherwise
Resume audio book history of Rome
Remind me to send the presentation today at 1:00pm
Add a lunch date to my calender for March 15th from 12 noon to 1pm
Set a reminder i need to wake up at 5 Am every morning
Tell me when this meeting is coming up.
Select the item
What news came out about Steve Bannon?
what's next on the list?
searching for recent happenings on the particular dates
can you lower the lights
please could you tell me that comment said once again.
Where should I take my wife for dinner tonight?
Is there any breaking news from CNN?
Get me the top news from Huffington Post.
Tweet at United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
i am in the mood for some classical music
Base on my audiobook collection, get me recommendation related audio-book I should listen, get and play me the resume.
I want to hear this podcast
PDA please play this game
Did i set an alarm to have tablets in the noon?
HOW HE WORKS PERFERCTLY
thanks for asssistance.
can you book me a taxi?
could you confirm that please.
weather for remchi city
How is the traffic in Broadway street?
PDA can you create a list for me.
tell me current situation of traffic near central park road.
Can you tell me what an X is?
Tell me the weather for New Brighton, PA?
Please check my Gmail for new mail
you have done your understanding correcly.
What's the pound to dollar exchange rate?
olly i'd like you just stop it.
Explain Photosynthesis
What movie do you recommend tonight?
May i know my future schedules?
is india win today cricket match.
I would like it to help analyze ideas
it's nice, thank you very much.
wouldn't really mind, olly.
i would like you to check what last said please.
olly start the laundry
what were you trying to say.
Where is Raleigh?
Tap the System tab. Tap Clock, and then select the Alarms tab. Tap and select the day you want the alarm to sound. Double tap the time displayed on the extreme left to set a time for the alarm,
add this person's email
show me the highest weather this week
Whats the latest news?
s2, i was unclear about this.
that is helpful, musch appreciated.
check and confirm it.
Exchange rate between dollar and Mexican peso
what lists do i have saved?
no, that's not it.
Olly is Swat a good movie
Will we space travel within 50 years and live in another planet?
yes that's great.
tune news.
Could you play this song XXX for me please?
hmm, you have made mistake, please fix it.
What time are we looking at right now?
I'd like to play monopoly
The set alarm for 9pm on Thursday night.
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti?
What home alarms have been set?
Play a rap song
What time are my meetings tomorrow
Do you want to hear what have happened today?
mute enabled until I say so
What do I have for reminders this week?
uhh no, you didn't understand what i meant.
please let me know the time of train X
how much does an orange weigh
Purchase train ticket
Should I wear shorts today
Olly I want to go to the outdoor movie screening this weekend, remind me
Remove upcoming task.
write and send email to friend Cindy
Please delete the last song that played from the playlist.
How often do you complete updates?
let's play space invaders
When was the song playing now released?
Do I have to bring umbrella for tonight party
Cancel appointment for 3rd of April
i am unclear about last sentence.
What is the time in India, when the time in US is 12pm
Just set me reminders about meetings with my colleagues
what is that one more time again.
Can I get a train ticket to Chicago for next Saturday around noon?
olly that's all, cancel.
erase the lawn care appointment next month
Can I see my Facebook feed?
Is it hot and muggy or warm and humid in the bayou today?
Did I get an email from Sarah?
would not really mind to choose any one.
What is my next reminder?
check if any new emails came from {contact}
didn't understand what you said now.
i'd like you to confirm the details please.
I want a train ticket to Oregon.
Where is Pategonia?
s1, explain me on your answers once again.
Send an email to grandma saying we are dropping by on Saturday. See you then!
I don't need the shopping list, delete it.
post in pinterest about my new chicken recipe
one more again please.
X+Y
i am sorry but i think it is wrong response.
How old is Hugh Jackman?
What is the (currency) worth?
entertainment news
Need to see volume settings
Check my new emails
list all events and delete
by get marks
Play songs by Bryan Adams.
What fun things are there to do in this area?
change the lights in the kitfchen to blue
Olly, does Shibaru Sushi deliver?
May I know what is there on the list
What have you been up to today?
Put dark colours instead of light ones in the house.
Is the meeting scheduled for tomorrow?
find list in my pda
Where is Botzwana
I want coffee from the machine
Play songs from titanic
remove playlist
Load up Ghost Recon Wildlands.
olly please could you shut off.
your command was incorrect.
could you retry please.
How far is Birmingham from London?
empty calendar for this week
Tweet Walmart customer service.
Set the time zone to gmt
I want coffee everyday
Olly, what movies are playing tonight at 9 pm at the AMC 9?
can you check for any new emails?
If i was in the eastern time zone, what time would it be
Please place my new email address to the contact.
PDA,Shuffle the songs in the music library.
s2, i do not catch that.
Is my schedule for July 7th completely open?
Remove the alarm set for 4:00 am.
I want to know the stocks of Amazon
healthy foods
Remove Etres Tes Mains by Artifice Palace from my Spotify Playlist CHUNE.
What song do I play most?
Give me the latest information about President Trump please.
please rephrase me on it further.
Remind me what I am doing on Sunday afternoon
Where did he was yesterday?
How do I cook Meatballs?
Remove alarm of 7.30 a.m. on monday
i was unclear about your answer.
when and where Monet's exhibition takes place?
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
Play MF Doom, anything.
Remove a list of food items purchased last week.
When is the best time to shop at Target so that I don't have to deal with a lot of people?
Add to calendar a home visit everyday this week
What do pink ribbons support?
don't really mind for any one.
Give me the recipe for cooking Briyani
shit, it isn't what i was looking for.
I want to know more about the upcoming Commonwealth Games.
check and confirm what said.
s1, can you please rephrase it further to me.
what are my top played podcasts
Who covered the song One more cup of coffee?
Olly, explain the meaning of 2001: A Space Odyssey
Compose an email to Bob
Describe (insert) for me please
doesn't matter to me, olly.
I want to hear the news on TMZ.
That background song is terrible.
Olly can you remind me about the gym class in 2 hrs
family date this monday
PDA pull up all emails sent to me from Amazon
What would be something fun to do today?
more light
Tell me about Jaipur
start angry bird
Have I received any emails from Beth?
PLEASE SLOW DOWN VOLUME OF SPEAKER.
Schedule a meeting with Brian Billings for 2:30 PM on Friday.
disable my 3PM alarm
sorry but i think it is incorrect.
can you check what i last said please.
Remind me about my Monday meeting with Peter Francis fifteen minutes before the meeting.
lights at percent
Tell me what's on my list.
google music find me some Enya to listen to
yeah please.
Delete my whole calendar for today.
Read out my list
Does that restaurant deliver?
Tell me about the next Devil's hockey game friday
Will you dim all the lights.
What does speaker mean?
What meetings occurred between january 1 and january 12
read list of new emails
I would like to hear some good funny jokes.
Please turn off only Right side light
Find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
i'm thinking of a number 1-10
yes it's perfect.
olly, I am taking day off tomorrow
should i take a coat to birmingham this evening
How heavy is traffic now in denver.
beach
mute for 15 minutes
Schedule a meeting with Reeta today evening at 5 PM
Call Bill to reschedule our meeting
it's fantastic work, musch appreciated, olly.
tell me the definition of arrow
olly just stop.
I'd like to send a reply.
Which song is this one?
Please put this photo on my Instagram.
What are the the train times between 8 am and 10 am at East Chicago Station going West on Sunday
What's the weather like right now?
Siri, what does Jon Snow's handsome face look like?
Remind Upcoming event's
What is the weather now?
What's my schedule today?
thanks but i think you didn't get this correctly.
Whats my schedule like
where is the prime meridian
Hi can you please turn lower the lights
create a new list for school supplies
What does formidable mean?
Do you know of any good free knitting patterns?
Hey, please reply to last Pawel's email
Tell me latest BBC news
Is the weekend going to be nice?
favourite
World War II
Please open Audible app and resume play.
will you please check what just said.
please correct error.
Post picture to facebook.
add 'birthday' at 'john's house' on 23-May-2017
yeap that was wonderful.
Time in New York now
add the new email o my contacts
How much does the FB stock cost?
olly's command is incorrect.
you've understood it incorrectly.
check and confirm my last command please.
Turn off the lights now
it's useful, thank you very much.
What are the upcoming concerts in Dallas?
deaft an email to kailey about work later
what is the answer to this math question?
What are the jobs to be done today ?
is there any Chinese places in Benton AR
Seach the contact
go to rap list
Play NPR on the car radio.
Give me more light.
PDA, what time does the festival officially start?
Where was Will Ferrell seen last night?
Tell me the current price of exxon mobil stock
I want you to go to hot 105 on the radio.
Play the oldies station
yeap you've understood my instructions right.
Is there a national holiday on 5th december?
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
yeah you have gotten my instructions correcly.
Ok Google, I need a meeting with the CFO on Thursday.
i am sorry but you are not correct.
Nikki Minaj nationality
whats up with my takeaway
Find the nearest Olive Garden that has take out service.
get the command right.
Hey, what are you up to?
Can you play emo music, please?
that was good, thanks.
Delete the list item about the meeting.
Shall we play a game?
Play my most watched podcast.
i like you to check and confirm the command please.
Olly, search for exchannge rates for US and Italy
announce a meeting today at evening.
Status for the pizza delivery from Pizza Hut
Could you change the volume
Do they deliver home?
can you tell me what date it is
remember this email
do I have an alarm set
olly make the lights blue please
would you please clarify me about the last sentence again.
cricket update
yeah that's correct.
Any interesting happenings in the world?
pls turn off my patio lights
PDA will I need my sun glasses today?
i would like you check details please.
How long does it take to get to the moon
Tell me the current time in San Paulo Brazil?
How many meetings do i have today from 9 to 5pm?
Olly will it be nice on Saturday?
it's nice one, i appreciate it.
Olly, what is the newest news right now?
What's the latest email I have?
that's not the right response.
PDA, Taxi, now.
Show me the path of nearest railway station.
Will I need sunscreen this afternoon?
got command right.
you dont get right things.
Show me the latest from the Daily Mail.
How high is Pikes Peak?
Don't ever play x list again
How far of a drive is it from Lexington, Kentucky to Washington D.C.?
Acquire latest news
Do I have any new mail?
How many of them are important?
check and confirm command please.
Search for podcasts that cover men's issues.
Please tune the radio channel
What events are going on near me?
What is $20 in Yen?
What integrent do I need to cook pasta.
Open the internet.
What is the latest news about Donald Trump?
How can I cook pasta?
When defining words give thesaurus and use in a setence to make it clearer.
How far is Florida from North Carolina
Book a taxi for pickup at my current location in one hour's time
What is the longest river in Spain?
Switch on the lights
Remove the list of apps which started with letter A
Add ... and ... to event ....
<All alarms>
Clear all events from my calendar for next week
Book a first class ticket in the next train to Miami
calendar
it was wonderful, thank you very much.
whats the weeks forecast
Where should I go for Mexican food in my area?
Play my favorite station at 9pm.
Any good movies?
Tell the latest news about the trump
play me a song of adele
HEY, I WANT TO SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FRIEND.
will you check and confirm instruction.
Please delete the list
Show traffic
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE FM RADIO OF 100.5 STATION FOR ME?
thanks, that's nice one, olly.
thanks for helping.
Where is Nayagara falls located?
Read my unread emails
are there any accidents today
when work is done ensure to remove the list
Erase all the events.
Alexa, mark my calendar as unavailable today
Check any mail from Amazon?
I need a nap
Find Joel Osteen's broadcast on sirius?
Add buy groceries to my to-do list for today
Show me concerts in Sacramento
where maradona lives now
yeah that's good.
Keanu Reeves, date of birth?
Who is celebrity
What is Sarah's number?
Convert New York Time to London
I want to listen to the Bob and tom show
set a reminder for john's birthday next week
Resume The Two Towers audiobook.
s2, i am not so clear about what you have said.
Do not play this song again
you've done that right.
What's going on with ....
where are the boston redsox playing next
what is the best recipe for tacos
March 10th lands on what day of the week?
Show me the newest podcasts
use google to show me how to cook
What are the BBC poll predictions for the upcoming US elections?
Olly, what day of the week is Halloween?
When is Stassi Schroedder's birthday?
Where does Rush Limbaugh live
I like to listen to Jazz
I have a 9 am meeting on Wednesday.  Send me a reminder.
Olly, what's the current weather?
pls turn off the alarm
this doesn't really matter.
i'd like to hear that things you just said again.
Please play shape of you by Ed Sheeran.
Set soccer game with Mark in my calendar for Tuesday night.
alert me at the time of the event
Hey Olly, schedule a meeting with Mr. Ross for this Friday noon.
please book train ticket to NY
how warm is it outside right now?
please have vacuum go for 1 hoir.
alexa update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail.com
What is happening in town tonight?
Olly I want out tonight! What's on?
where is a walking trail near me
Can you tell me the times the train leaves for Chicago?
PDA, do i have an appointment tomorrow?
answer this mathematical question.
jj_nzt@yahoo.com
order mcdonalds
Send an email to my sister
Delete all appointments for tomorrow
play radio!
what is the exact difference between the language of telugu and tamil
post swagging in LA on my facebook timeline
you are so helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
Inappropriate Activity
meeting next week monday
Make sure I have nothing to do on Friday.
What is the time in New york now.
where is kartum
uh no, it is incorrect answer.
Send an email to Sharon.
Change color of lights
Silent mode on for the next three hours.
convert 100 kilo to pound
s1, explain me on this further please.
Start reading that Alan Partridge book.
book me a train ticket in any train to bombay for tommorrow
Can you speak quieter please, Olly?
Tell me about the latest sports news
can you please check the command.
Please turn on 99 (point) 5
Book taxi to New York City
please would you say again.
knowledge about food processing
that's amazing, olly.
Do I have class on Monday?
What is the best meatball recipe?
Can i get the time?
Where is the car?
Show me how to cook lasagna.
is there a train ticket available for boston tomorrow?
Is today my brothers birthday?
olly that's all, just cancel.
Please play anything by AFI
What to do next on events
is weather cloudy
What is the nuclear triad?
What time does the train leave Philadelphia?
can you set the alarm for 1:30
Whats on my list
Do you have any news from News provides
you did it wrong.
yes got that perfectly.
Go to my classical playlist.
that's amazing work, thank you, olly.
no i didn't mean that.
Am I gonna need rain boots?
And the pound is doing how badly against the Euro?
Email Susan and write that
Describe what a poltergeist is
what does ....... mean?
wake me up
what is the prevailing exchange rate US$ v/s Indian Rupees?
Directions to Disney World
start the gas stove adjust the flame to cooking the dish and put all cooking ingredient  to pressure cooker to cook the ingredients keep it on the stove wait for the ingredients to be cooked
can't understand your words.
Play me the BBC radio podcast.
can you tell me what said once more.
how much
what events are happening today
What are the latest news headlines?
Did you change the wallpaper?
what is the current stock price of....
please can you speak what you've just said again.
What alarms do I have set right now?
Where a good restaurant
How does it feel outside?
find local shops
Please delete all meeting after 7 AM
When New York train will arrive
attenuate the lights
please will you say that one more again.
head lines today from news
How much is one serving of broccoli?
Add Diapers in cosmetic list
what is the time now?
that is of no importance to me.
What is eastern standard time right noe?
switch on the vaccum cleaner
How hot is it currently in Costa Mesa ?
What's the capital of Kazakhstan?
Can you tell if my dog is sick?
When is the next train to Rome coming?
Order 2 hamburgers for me.
What is the entrapreneur saying about homelessness in the Seattle Times article
What's trending on social media?
do i need boots today
play the latest games.
it's good work, thank you.
What is the forecast for the week
How's the weather?
put on station 105.3
Please send an email to Uncle John telling him that I will be there.
tell me what you just said once again please.
How old is Rod Stewart?
please can you shut down.
How many likes does my status from yesterday have?
Turn to station 102.7, Ally.
Turn off the garage light.
Define framework
show X's contact detail
play comedy from any fm channel
Notification regarding the new government policies
File Downloading
Please find music by AFI
Play episode of Stuff You Should Know in queue.
Olly, What's playing in the Roosendaal Cinema?
add a item
Get apahelp@yahoo.com in my contacts.
what is the forecast?
Is it too warm to wear my wooly sweater today?
check emails from {contact}
Please play Shake It Off by Taylor Swift.M
What is the current temperature?
run game
What is the current time in Delhi?
Who is this artist?
could you explain me about your answer again.
What is the location of Moldova?
olly please shut off.
Can you tweet for me to Amazon Services for not delivering my product on time.
Save this songs genre for me.
Did snap become public yet?
go to social media and post the following status
Greeting of the day and PDA states date after greeting
can i get the definition to ambulance
Time to hear me some Blake Shelton
Remind me of my sister's birthday party tomorrow an hour before it starts.
could you please shut up.
Tell me what's happening in European politics
What's 3 plus 355?
I want to order some chinese food tonight what's delivering to me?
amazing response.
Alexa, please turn down the lights to 50 percent in the den.
Is it going to be sunny this weekend?
Switch off main light
can you please check that.
PDA, what is a pressure washer?
nope, you don't understand what i asked.
that does not matter to me, olly.
What is Mr. taxi's phone number, it is in my contacts?
show me upcoming events in chicago
book a local cab
Increase brightness in the room
Tweet rude salesperson
Ok Google! how long should i bake ziti in the oven?
Play Hip Hop Songs
My mail
will you speak one more time again.
PDA, please turn off the smart socket.
Olly, new email from brenda?
happy
that's useful, i appreciate it.
Where is the shopping mall for shirts?
Olly, brew a pot of coffee.
Turn off sound.
you have understood my instructions exactly.
send complain through tweeter consumer service
get me the latest news in new delhi
Where is kansas located
Remind me  when my car is due the day before.
Do I have any reminders?
check for this mail in my contact,if not then add it
Whats on my calendar today
share with twitter
Today's local events
Write a message to Payoneer and tell them that my card isn't working.
Is the traffic free in some particular road.
i am sorry but it's not the right answer.
Make sure to remind me to pay my bills tomorrow morning.
It is a sunny day today, right?
Send me updates on the Standing Rock protest.
Delete every event.
What day of the week is the 25th?
I would like to listen to my audiobook.
what does tense mean
Ok Google! play some music
confirm last thing i said.
How many hours difference is Hong Kong from New York City?
What does Problematic mean?
you've got my instructions correcly.
Play Rock music
away off or take off a specific calender event
plan for tomorrow
get new emails
PDA, what does AUS stand for?
Make my collection mostly 60s pop with a good bit of 60s psychedelia.
i am sorry but i think you did not get command right.
PDA, show me how to cook a recipe.
phones
start music in playlist
Are eggs on my shopping list?
i think that's not the correct answer.
I like to listen to Hindustani music
Are there any interesting events around this area?
Do I have any missed call from Patrick
change the time in this location to IST
What is AMZN worth?
Play songs by NKOTB.
What times may I travel to Location A?
Will traffic be good when I leave in 5 minutes?
What' the weather going to be in NYC next week
Could you speak a little more softly?
chai point have delivery option,plz check it.
it must be mistake.
What is the timer in Japan?
turn shuffle on music player on
Olly get me the popular news from bbc
Please play Nightmare by avenged sevenfold
are there any email updates?
PDA remind me on the 25th I have to go to Chad's birthday party.
that is cool, thanks.
what are you trying to say.
Set the coffee maker to on
Play this song on 12am
How to cook yellow rice
sorry.
Play, Atmosphere next.
Remove meeting for Wednesday morning
Did I receive any new Email
please could you shut down.
Book me a cab olly
tell me a joke.
Do you want to play Monopoly with me?
Remind me I take mom to the hairdresser's Thursday at 11:00 am.
Repeat this event
Assistant, please play Royksopp Running to the Sea
Person name info
Remind me of meeting time at 7pm next Monday
I was wondering how would you look
What is the largest continent in the world
Hey Olly, cancel all my other meetings and calls for 2nd March as it is Jim's birthday. Tag it as an event in your calendar
yeah you did command perfectly.
hmm, i didn't ask for that.
Do I have a date Friday?
Start the audiobook file for where I left off in A Tale of Two Cities.
Time please?
PDA I love to rock out with my sock out.
What alarms do I have set?
How many plays has Patrick Stewart been in?
How is Disney stock today?
Remind me on 5th March of every year to arrange wedding anniversary presents
that is all.
countdown for time
Olly, hit me up with the weather news.
how long is this?
Hey Google play some jazz music for me.
yes its must
sunny in Oslo?
What are the details of (event)
Lower lights in kitchen
Please remind me of all the NBA scores in a week
88.9 FM please
Turn the lights on
PDA play my workout playlist.
What is the GDP of USA?
Please contact Michael M from my list with this text.
Can turkeys fly
any important notifications.
i want you to confirm question please.
How many days is it until May 25th?
right.
good day
s1, please will you elaborate me more on what you have said.
Showtimes for nearest theater
drop me with latest news.
add new email to my contacts. XXXXX@gmail.com
Recommend artists similar to Rihanna
What is this we're listening to?
let us try the last one you just said again please.
check and confirm that please.
Play for me the game Candy Crush
What are the show timings?
Have I received any email from Ron in last couple of days?
Remove what I have to do on the 23 of march.
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
Olly, I just cleaned my car,
can you locate some gospel music for me
please remind me about the event later 5pm.
that's cool, thanks, olly.
please can you rephrase me further on your answers.
Hello google, post my current status on twitter mentioning A great trip to Paris with friends and family.
get your understanding right.
Yes or no. Tomorrows temperature is to be hot.
Remove the event event on 7 pm from my calender
Please send an email to John saying I'm on Leave
Play for me Rock music
Whic is the biggest continent in the world by area
I would like to hear David Ramsey's podcast from yesterday.
why are women so mysterious?
This is a tweet for Comcast: If I have my internet and phone service from you and it goes out, how can I contact you?
add newscast time to daily schedule
book train ticket to NY
repeat your last sentence you just said.
What was the subject of the last email from mom
Is there any pending reminder for me
Play funk music
The email reply should state
Remind me tomorrow at 4 about an event
Read the audiobook of War of the Roses
Give me lists
What is the date of the last Sunday in the month.
Take off the doctor's appointment on march 20th.
Olly play the latest downloaded podcast
olly that will be all.
Hello PDA, Has my inbox gone up?
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
please check and confirm the instruction.
I want to hear more audiobook
uh no, you did not get what i was searching for.
play superstar
Delete event from mine
What is the weather in Los Angeles
How long is the walk from Nyack to Valley cottage
Olly, should I wear a coat outside?
I need an alarm.
What is the next Metro to DC?
Where can I go shopping here?
please set on 8th july there is music concert in white field
PDA, what sound does a dog make
you are hero, appreciated.
shit, i think not right.
that is not so clear to me.
s2, i didn't catch that.
Start X on X radio.
Will I need an umbrella this week?
tell me it again please.
I wish to know the weather in SF?
Have I received any emails about Jared's birthday?
hey siri cancel my next appointment
mail send to ashok
play the scarlet letter
How tall is the Empire State Building?
sunday
add new items in the alarm list
can you retry the last one said please.
I have practice at Wrigley tomorrow at 6
What alarms do I got PDA?
ENJOYMENT
Facebook Status: Busy day
pencil me in for sarahs birthday thing on the 12th, PDA.
Play Enrique
give me the time at washington right now
you are star, i appreciate it.
PDA please set this date to repeat
Book a train ticket to Canada this evening
Tell me about Amazon's history
what are my appointments today
will arby's offer takeaway
Help me find transportation to the Mall of America.
sorry but i think you are not correct.
Alexa, reply to the mail with the following content
PDA, report what is new in my email inbox.
When will my meeting with Sandy occur?
give me a reminder notification on tomorrow's meeting at 10:00AM
what is the sensex and nifty points for today.
What is going on with international news
i do not really know.
alexa pontificate definition.
that's cool, thank you very much.
I am in need of some pizza, what's the closest place that delivers?
PDA delete last item listed
lets start Candy Crush over from the beginning
PDA, what time is it in California?
Music change
Remind me at the start of each month.
I need a plane ticket
s2, i couldn't quite catch up with you.
I would like to know the answer to that maths question
let's try the utterance one more time please.
please remove all the appointments marked in the calendar for past 5 years.
Olly, I need a funny joke to tell Sam.
would you check and confirm the question please.
What year did Elvis die?
PDA, What happened on July 4th 1776?
set event
What is the condition of traffic from work to home.
Let me know about upcoming events
What is the exchange rate between US dollars and yen?
please elaborate once again to me.
I AM NEED OF AN EVENING RAIN COAT
who sings this song
see you
that was not what i asked for.
yeah you've gotten my instructions right.
From 4 to 6, when do I have a free break?
complaint to consumer service tweeter
send this message to the family group starts with A .
WETHER IT WOULD BE SUNNY IN CALIFONIA
remove tomorrow's alarm
would you confirm detail.
book Ola cab for now
Repeat calendar event.
Order a 12 piece honey mustard wing combo with seasonimg altnon the fries and a sprite as the drink.
Please give me update of cricket
Delete my list of appointments for tomorrow
s1, can you explain me more on your answer.
Give me a traffic update.
Describe a rotor
Can you erase the haircut I have scheduled for Friday?
what food is good?
When can I get off Mr. Bones Wild Ride?
Please power down.
I want to invest some money in some of the things I like, what are your best recommendations.
Will it rain on the 22nd?
it doesn't really matter with me, olly.
I need to tweet Wendy's: Ordered, got order, took order home, wasn't my order.
TELL ME IF MY ALARM IS SET FOR THE MORNING?
Tweet Insight Cable's customer service and tell them I have been waiting on hold for 30 minutes.
Please start the podcast
change this time zone to wasington
Hey Olly, what will the weather be like to today in los Angeles California?
Play random music
What is the capital of Mexico?
was christmas 1972 on a weekend?
Ok Google, where's the best and most affordable place to stay in San Diego
cancel  the breakfast at tiffany's
To which event can I go in Milan now?
shedule a reminder one hour before the meeting
Have I received any emails with tracking numbers?
I WANT TO SAY SOMETHING ABOUT THIS SONG.
What hiking trail in the Smoky Mountains would be the best in terms of the nicest waterfall to see?
Play my best song
How many meetings do I have next week?
Can you watch a movie on Netflix with me?
Do I have any appointments scheduled for March 24, 2017?
How was your day?
olly that is enough, cancel.
Could you explain the meaning of exorbitantfor me please?
i want you to check and confirm what said please.
Gather all my songs from Madonna
list events in NY
Can I find out information about a contact?
Olly, find out what song this is and tell me the name.
Could you skip ahead to the next episode?
find the exact location of the places
Is country better today or 10 years ago?
What is currently trending on twitter?
What does hypothesis mean?
How many corporate meetings do i have this week?
Hey google, I hit a million dollar lottery jackpot
have no idea about which to choose, olly.
Raise the volume to 60
can you read my meetings today?
describe about it
i like you to check that please.
what is a fijord
Add a new notifier for the GPS On my car.
launch the rooster teeth podcast
Let's play a game together
please rectify the command.
s1, rephrase this further.
Evaporated
can you check and confirm command.
Remind me of how many lists I have
Does Donald Trump have any ties to Russia?
Do I have anything on my to-do list?
that was excellent.
Hey share me some joke to make me happy
Erase all events on the calendar.
i have no idea regarding to which to choose.
Order the usual from Turiellos Pizza
is <unk> married
blanket definition
What time is the next train to Boise?
Is 23 december sunday
Weather in Toronto
answer was confirmed.
Remove grocery shopping from my to-do list on Sunday
oops, i think that was not right.
delete list
Answer email
Please list all my alarms
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
Please schedule meeting with Ri at 10AM on April 1st
do events
shut off please.
Hey PDA what's today?
Ted talks
please order me some takeout
PDA name: Do have any new email?
play all songs from playlist 'Favorite'
do you have a boyfriend?
set a list for....
What is latest on the recent events happening right now?
What events near here are happening this week?
Could yoi play the song Everytime I see you
hail taxi!
Can you tell me what haggis looks like?
Remind me of my dentist appointment the night before.
I am no longer going to Wyatts birthday party
does dominos has a delivery option.
What store is having sales tomorrow
Is there going to be any snow on Tuesday?
Is it raining in Toledo right now?
will you tell me one more time.
thank you so much for your help.
TVS stock price.
What's the latest in my social media
i'd like you confirm my last instruction please.
oops, you don't get response correctly.
Check email received after 6:35 am.
Make a list of all the clothing range available on Ralph & Lauren.
get hourly notification on sports news
get the roomba to clean up
give me a reminder at 8pm for the game
yeah your understanding was confirmed.
Add slected song
will you please clarify again to me.
COULD YOU PLEASE DESCRIBE ME ABOUT THE ITEM SMART PHONE.
train departure
What is garam masala?
I want to listen to the radio
Recap my day.
i think wrong command.
How would yo define object A?
Open note pad
Did I received any Emails from Kevin, and what did he say
WHAT TIME OF DAY IS IT IN LONDON?
Who is currently leading in the parliamentary election?
Memo
Tell me my friends most recent update?
What genre is this song currently playing?
yeah correct response.
Is it better to invest or save?
Have any emails arrived in the last 15 minutes?
Give me the latest on paul ryan.
What is a trebuchet?
please check my last question.
Am I going to swim to work today?
Give me election updates.
would not really mind for whatever.
that's good one, thank you, olly.
When is the train coming?
can you put Sunday hockey class in my calendar as recurrent event?
please play this song
Define speaker.
please check and confirm command.
tell me the best exchange rate
Play my current playlist from top.
Delete the party on June 1st from my calendar.
howmany 3 are available in 27
Save this song
could not get your answer.
set a continuous alarm without the option to snooze for 7 am please
reschedule meeting
play the most popular bluegrass music
What is the average speed on main highway.
where are you from
write and send email to my boss
Change light whenever I find myself in my house
Who is the singer of song?
sorry but i think that's not correct.
you do not get what i asked.
Please arrange to wake me up at 3.00 am alarm
Open Bad Religion folder
start and email to John Smith
Set an alarm at 6 am.
What is in a curry?
Siri, open Twitter, tweet @scapingyards you missed the entire side of the left patio when you pressure washed
For Every Odd Numbered Sunday, set a reminder for
I would like it to make doctor appointments, etc. for me
Name me off the lists avaible
what is the weather today?
whats going on with trump
What are the latest photos on my Instagram account
GIVE SOME OF DELETE IN TODAY EVENTS
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
Check unread emails from Amy.
thanks but i think you had it wrong.
Could you describe that object please.
find out the public holidays this month
Olly, how long does it take for the train to get to Orlando?
Add alarm
you rock, thank you very much, olly.
are you busy
features of google pixel
yeah exactly.
Tell me about the most recent road construction on route 70?
don't mind.
Tune into my selected station
tune song of ddlj movie.
alexa what is the definition for the word pontificate
please would you try again.
Let's cook meatballs together!
Please check on the movies playing in theaters nearby
play music by skrillex
you are the best, thank you very much.
PDA: Reply to Bill's email and add it to my contact list
Get me the news about today's meeting
tell comcast i hate them
Siri, shuffle playlist
What are the synonyms of placid?
I need to set a reminder to go to a work meeting on friday at 2:00PM.
Send an email to Margaret.
should I plan to shovel my way out of the house
I feel like playing chess, can you play that?
PDA: What is a movie like Star Wars?
give me the time?
oh no, you did not understand what i meant.
Hi there,Congratulate me I got a promoted in my job at office
Can you take 5 and divide it by 3?
Send and email to mom to tell her Wyatt's birthday party is on Sunday
explain
Show me all the events happening in Milan
Show me my latest social media activity.
what is planned for today in my local area
Where can I shop as a local tourist Olly?
Are there any recent emails with thisome subject line
Time in New York
Olly, please tell me the date for the first day of next month
good work, you did well, olly.
tweet 'im complaining about...' to consumer serrvice
alexa add sam@gmail.com to my contacts list
Set this before event
send email to Tim
What is on my to-do list today?
It's really loud, can you please turn the music down?
i think you've done this all in wrong manner.
Anything good happening this weekend in the area?
Please remind me my favorite show is coming on at 1 pm.
Delete x playlist
yeap that's confirmed.
Am I going to need to wear a rain coat this week?
What is five over three?
I can't hear just increase the volume.
Tweet this: Sick today.
Cancel tomorrow's meeting with Chuck.
How do I
If my package shows that it is for delivery tomorrow, can you set up an alarm 1 hour after? Thank you!
is it gonna rain
1980's rock
explain object
What is Barack Obama doing right now?
let me know as soon as there is more news on _____
Erase my calendar.
Have I got new content in my twitter feed
What are my plans for today?
Play for me American Idol show
show lates events around newyork
Play some pop music.
Call me an Uber to the movie theater
Please adjust the speakers to a lower more comfortable level.
What time is it?
What is the population of Alabama
Book a train for me
find the events
Continue with my audiobook please.
How's the stock for Exxon Mobil doing today?
Is there anything happening nearby?
Live365.com
Email Chelsea
Could you find me a jazz station?
Please reschedule the meeting to 6 pm tomorrow and inform members.
i like you to check and confirm detail please.
Can I get takeout from PF Changs?
yeah you got the answer perfectly.
When does my train leave?
Ok Google, can you speak louder
alexa order 2 pizzas from dominoes
Play <song> on repeat
Clear my next activity.
would you say one more time again please.
Show me the picture of the singer
I would like it to order me stuff with little to no error
Play Major Tom by David Bowie
Olly do I have an alarm set for tomorrow.
play sholay
Go and make me a coffee
Olly, what is going on in South Tampa today?
Are there any alarms for today?
Get rid of peas
Checkout domino centre near me and order Chese pizza
Will there be snow tomorrow?
olly that is enough, cancel it.
Notify me about any updates on vaccine laws
PDA play Skyfall next
Books
power on wemo
Hey, add dentist appointment on Tuesday 4pm
i need to hear that sentence said again.
book train ticket to NY
what is month in my calender?
please correct the incorrect command.
please mark the date 1/2/2017 and set the reminder at 5 pm  to make an appointment with mr. Richard.
Read me the content of this list
Can you start hulu
set a classic 80's music
Did Ben and Jen get back together?
what's up olly
Let me know about any alarms set today.
When was the last meeting?
robot via Bluetooth-enabled devices
What is my ETA to the office if I leave in 30 minutes?
politics
What is the latest story from Fox News.
go to map
Can you play the next episode, please?
find route
Clear all my calendar events
open my reminders
thanks but that's not the right command.
you did good job,.
Can I get delivery from this restaurant?
Alexa, play more music like that.
ah it's awesome work.
Check emails from cindy
Read me the last email from Stefan and oil change
remove this list
Alexa play pandora 90's dance party
tune in some music
what concerts are due nearby?
Is it going to freeze overnight?
Is it 20th March today?
please play 13
Send a reply to Robert for his email received today morning.
Suggest me a complaint for neptun.al
What day of the week does the next holiday fall on?
what alarms are upcoming?
repeat that.
Turn off the shed light
Olly have i gotten any emails from mom lately?
Create a new list of my due bills
What alarms are on right now?
On Febuary 14th make dinner reservations at the restaurant.
you rock, thank you so much.
set an alarm for 12
let's try it again.
fast road to get home
Play the song next to the one playing now.
PDA, go to Facebook, then go to Lori's feed.  Post happy birthday, Lori, exclamation point, on her feed.
remove wyatt's birthday party from my calendar
Play music from Party playlist
Which are well reviewed movies by Emma Watson
How much US money do I get from 1000 kroner?
yes amazing response to command.
dammit, i think incorrect.
do i have an alarm set for today
Find Restaurants within 100 miles
start a gossip
Remove deposit check from to do list
Clear item 4
Disable music player.
Type an email for me please.
hi google please cancel all the programs for friday
Please add complaint about the service in tweet to Olive Garden.
make an alarm for 3pm
Read me titles for international news
PDA check emails from someone
What's the cheapest price for Zoella's first book?
Did Sams email arrive
PDA how is traffic?
Set reminder for atleast 20 times for this calender event which i svery important
How many alarms are currently set?
yeap you did your understanding correcly.
update alarm
What is 1+1?
please change that command.
this doesn't matter, olly.
Play music programs in radio
DELETE DAY AFTER EVENT
Volume Control
What's the value of the Euro, relative to NZD
convert 23:30 from GMT +4:30 to GMT -2:00
I need some coffee.
PDA tell me what's on my shopping list?
Just let me know the important work interviews in the next two days
Can I hear the 50 hits that you can hear on radios now?
Please add meeting to my calendar
Olly you need to give me different directions
save <unk>
Open me a new list.
touch the mute button
open events this week
Please we're the following alarm
What is the point of a banana
What is the temperature in Indianapolis, Indiana?
check new message in inbox.
you've done your understanding right.
set an alarm for 5:30
Show me the weather forecast for the next 3 three days
cutoff noise.
whats the travel time from here to dallas by train?
Can you forward an episode in the podcast by a minute?
you've gotten my instructions right.
Can you speak a little louder?
Is it forecasted to rain in the next two days?
What is on my schedule for today?
Show me all meeting reminder
Let me know if I have new emails
Annie could you please search the internet and play the videos for cooking italian food.
Access latest news
Are there any cooking classes nearby my area?
Play my top rated pop songs please.
Please tell me what the word home means
I need sport's news
Play the latest pop song
is it cold weather there?
next podcast play
can you please again clarify.
I am about to meet Tom tomorrow at 7pm
Olly  what time are the meetings happening next week?
yeap it's correct.
please lower the lights a little bit
well done, thank you very much, olly.
get train ticket
Olly, please tweet at bestbuy that I am not happy with their service today.
you have got that exactly.
set event in calandar.  repeat event every day
Please turn bedroom lights off.
that's useful, thank you very much.
Give me dark
Olly I worked today
Is Yellowstone park the largest park?
What is the five day forecast?
Delete the meeting alarm at 2 P.M. on Tuesday.
are there unread emails in my inbox?
delete call newspaper from my vacation list
What does this Stitch long sleeved shirt look like
nope, i didn't say it.
Is there any train plying from Pune to Mumbai tonight?
Turn down speakers
show my upcoming events
How many Oscars does Morgan Freeman have?
you have done it all wrongly.
How much is one dollar US in Canadian?
s1, please could you elaborate once again.
Tweet Macy's a complaint about their sales clerk.
Echo, what were the winning powerball numbers last night?
Play squash with me.
PDA, set a doctor's appointment for 3:30 PM, March 7th, with an alarm thirty minutes before.
google calendar
PDA! Remind my friend to get the assignment tomorow
Switch to my workout playlist
please tell me what alarms are on.
What's the exchange rate between the U.S Dollar and the Euro?
What time is my next appointment?
List things on my list.
Tell the Golden Fork that I want their fish risotto delivered
Find me kiss fm channel.
What's new in facebook
What time is the function of the play Joy in broadway teather today?
PDA: Blue lights please
Play my most favorite country song.
Wake me up at ten.
When is my food going to be here?
Please set an alarm at 7:00 am tomorrow morning?
yes command is excellent.
Ok Google, can you start 98.7
Remind me of the meeting on 1/22
whats today
Do I have any more emails?
Tell me about agra
delete
Alexa, what is on my calendar for today
do not mind, olly.
PLEASE TELL ME WHEN I CAN BECOME RICH IF I INVESTED IN DOW STOCKS TODAY AND WHAT WILL BE THE RETURN AFTER 5 YEARS.
it's helpful, i appreciate it.
Please tell me about today's weather.
s1, again rephrase me about your answer please.
Check for all the movie theater prices and availability for a newly released movie in my loicatoion?
What's the current exchange rate for the euro against USD?
PDA, Read to me
Can you mute when I am not home?
play rap music
Did I get any emails from Sam today?
Can you set my alarm?
Start game temple runner
Honda stock price?
calculate ____
don't bother.
play my favorite song after
Notify me one hour before my meeting.
it has a meaning of rhythm
When is my meeting?
what will the weather be like on date?
What sorta music events can find going on around me
what is the 16th president
what are the train times to Chicago for today
Get me an meeting to see Tim later on today between 3 and 5.
Please show my list
would not really care, olly.
Is anything different today about blank
Is it true that Susan's birthday is on March 1st?
Look for apple pie recipe.
what songs are on my favorite list?
Fix the light which has 150 watts
can you remind my next meeting with my boss, one hour before it will happen?
what time zone is this city in
Add birthday reminder on September 4
Show me the meetings for the day.
one more again.
I would like to pickup a veggie sub with a cookie from Subway.
Alexa write email.
i am sorry but i think you messed up with.
what you said is not clear.
I want a train ticket to <city>
Will it be sunny?
How long is this song
read my schedule
email naty for her birthday
what trains are available
Whats the local taxi company around here?
Alexa, My friend John has sent me a invitation card to his newly bought home. Say thanks to him in his Mail ID.
Please skip to the next song
What is trending in tech today?
Play Animal Farm.
on Tuesday what is the weather supposed to be
didn't understand your answers.
Bring up all the runner lights
i think you've understood me wrongly.
play BBC radio one
Can you tell me if I have any alarms set?
i'd like you to check and confirm my last command please.
go to timeline
customize the tab to display your preferred time period
what kind of cloth eastern people wear
How long to cats usually live?
where is statue of liberty?
Make the room blue.
Can you play my favorite audio book of Harry Potter?
play recently added audiobook
stock x find out
what is the best way to live?
Take off item 3
yeap you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
Do I have anything booked for tomorrow?
Give me train times for tomorrow to Chicago.
forward shown content to (  ) with email
Give a list of all appointments today post 3 p.m.
can you play my last song
add new email to contacts
Play music on shuffle
I have not gotten my daily news yet, can you please brief me a little bit?
would you check detail.
Add apahelp@yahoo.com in my contact list.
that is perfect job, i appreciate it.
please set an alarm for tomorrows meeting at 7:00 a.m.
Alexa, save this song as my favorite.
i'd like you check the details please.
Who is invited to tomorrow's get together?
yeah you understood your understanding correcly.
can I wear sandals
can you please confirm my last question.
meaning of life
Play the last podcast I listened to.
you did your understanding right.
When will my Chinese food be delivered?
Turn off the lights in the living room.
display recent email from John, Olly
yeah exact response.
Please set alarm for
Remove old emails from trash
When is my doctor's appointment
shut up.
In whole india traffic level is very high
s1, will you please again elaborate.
please again explain me on this.
PDA: What are the train times on the 23rd to Clarksville
turn  on music by seal
i have no idea for which to choose.
What year was this song recorded?`
you are helpful, thank you so much, olly.
please can you check what i said.
Can you check the time?
you have done that correctly i appreciate it.
How many tornadoes have there been this month?
could you once again rephrase me about your answers.
What is going on around here?
akon
Complain to Target about how I was treated in the store.
Please tell me latest news of world.
What is the time in Las Vegas?
Please check and tell me contact details of Mongomery LLc company
I enjoy 80's music.
PDA shoot Dale an email response warning him about the gulls at the beach.
celebrities
it's great one, thank you so much.
Play playlist Postal Service.
you helped a lot, i appreciate it.
Change the light color to red
Put the last song on repeat
I need to know the price of Amazon stock.
Time left for 10 am
it's good, thank you.
where are piramids located
What's going to be the cure for cancer?
Show me a map of everywhere the cat has been this week.
is it march
How long will it take to get to the airport
Play radio with nonstop songs
Play Michael Buble Save the Last Dance
Google please be extra quiet the baby is sleeping.
How much time it will take to prepare the order
Turn off overhead light.
s1, will you explain me more on what you said now.
s1, can you rephrase me on your answers further.
is michael jackson really dead
Please remove task list
Does selena gomez has a scandal?
well done, appreciated, olly.
you are so helpful, appreciated.
play Hula Hoop next
Please add 'shopping at mall' on 26 March at 12pm.
Louder, please.
Can you read the names of my lists of reminders?
Find me the top news of the day
this does not matter with me.
it's nice one, thank you so much.
Did I ever get the email from Sean today?
please try the things one more again.
suffering consequences
you are the best,, olly.
Show me the directions for going to Boston via Seattle.
show latest emails
Can you book an uber tomorrow?
really i would not mind.
Play hip hop music
next alarm
I want to and my email address.
Play episode 3 Secrets of the Citadel
Mention the time in Canada now.
Where is it?
give me a cooking tutorial
cross out bread from shopping list
Tweet my current location.
Are there any alarms going off today?
Did I receive any email in the past hour?
I wanna get up at 6 am
it will be good if you yellowish the light.
Find the Serial podcast and play it
Please turn on the music player.
What's the rate between pesos and yen?
Please set an alarm at 6 am.
next i want to hear shinedown
Olly, I'm really enjoying this song
What's the one night with Paris?
Hey Olly, Please set a reminder for tomorrow morning 10 am meeting
bed room 2 switch off the lights.
List out my meetings today?
wake me only after the sun is up on Sundays
What is two hundred divided by thirteen?
What events are going in my town this week
Add pastries to the Christmas list
Please let me know the what Raj's status update in Facebook
shit, you have done this all in wrong manner.
How much time do I have to boil an egg?
Set alarm for 8 am
What is Taylor Swift's Birthday?
Remind me about the meeting tomorrow 1 hour before
create event
Clean my house
i appreciate response, olly.
Name the people that sent me an email today?
Is Tom Cruise an only child?
How do you road lamb?
Turn to billybob show.
is there a birthday party today?
it seems like the command is not correct.
I want the light to be a little more red-ish.
Who I am meeting with on Wednesday at 4 pm?
I want to play a trivia game.
Set an alarm for 8pm.
Tell me everything about UMF
reply to joes email
describe what a chair is
I have a new contact: newmail@gmail.com. Compose mail!
open meeting time
what's the US dollar rate today?
I'd like some red lighting Olly.
Could you please check the weather in Kansas
i'd like you to check detail please.
that must be some mistakes.
What are the list of events in my calender in March
I have my lists, right? What are they?
What are the train times?
Please resume my audiobook.
I need a meeting to be schedule with this person
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of 23 March
olly what's the recipe for lasagna
Painting
a little brighter thanks
Book a train ticket on the 502 in 15 minutes
would you check and confirm question please.
I want to change the light colors.
my trip to goa photo,post it on instagram.
What are pounds worth right now?
you have got it right.
Please define the word bibulous
My desire is to listen to some country music.
Find a definition
could you just cancel.
Can you play back to December
Turn cleaner robot on
PDA, What music is being played right now?
yeap you understood my instructions correcly.
confirm the instruction please.
Do I need to bring a coat out tonight?
detail of rajinikanth
will you check my last command please.
weather report now
s1, explain more on what you have just said to me please.
I am so hungry and tired and I think I might order some food now.
Make this email a new contact.
How many events on my list?
Tell me more about that concert
add event
Resolve this 30 -12
check new email
switch off the light on the left
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Japanese Yen
yeah it was confirmed.
Give me the news from source
SECURITY AWARENESS
Auto lock the house after two and half hours.
Switch the lights to blue
this does not matter, olly.
Please send pedro a email about his car
did you get the last thing said correctly?
Listen to my favorites.
Please organize a meeting with my co-workers
Please save my rating on this song.. it is <insert rating here>
it's not what i meant.
please say one more time.
Schedule meeting with our employees regarding bonus.
Power off.
Delete my dinner tomorrow.
Where can I get a good burger within 5 miles.
What's going on around the neighborhood?
Give me the weekly weather near me.
show me the reminders
what is the latest from my feed?
Hit random on my most liked songs.
play wuthering heights from where i left off
It is 5:45 am in Liverpool, what time is now New York?
uhh no, you gave me incorrect information.
PDA, has my calendar been update in the last 10 minutes?
please will you cancel.
Contact ... customer service via twitter
Can you play Nakumukka
Change moms birthday event to repeat every year on same day
Move to next section
Can you suggest a good drama for me to watch?
s1, please elaborate once again to me.
Send an email to guy selling the boat telling him that I have the money
call taxi
Current traffic.
tell me tom hanks middle name PDA.
How much is the British pound?
What will be the size of a small panda
would you replay please.
it was not what i am looking for.
will you try that statement you said one more again please.
play nexy availabel podcast
Dim the lights please.
check and confirm the detail please.
Show me a video about new mobile launches this year
Take the list off.
add this new email to my contacts
can you try the last one you just said one more time please.
Olly, order a train ticket to Los Angeles now.
yeah that's right.
you have done that correctly musch appreciated.
what is the time of the morning train headed to Chicago
i am sleepy
oh it was great one.
Is there any event marked on September 22
I want to send an email to... that says...
cut wemo power please
will you check it.
Start vacuuming
Delete all scheduled events
i think you have done it all wrong.
hey, what does incite mean?
Please find me details about Mt. Everest such as height.
excellent work, you've done well.
play sam harris audiobook
Checkout top restaurant near me and order Shahi panner.
Set notification from world news
How is jennifer garner's career doing?
you are my hero, appreciated.
set an alarm for seven thirty a.m.
Play and shuffle all slow music songs.
can you rephrase once again please.
Play previous episode.
add this to the list
What's happening on social media right now?
what is the longest river on earth
PDA check recent news on someone
olly i would talk to you later.
Tell me about the vote on healthcare
Who is the artist of the current playing song?
best energy food for gym
Is the Farmers Market open this weekend in Iowa?
I need something to listen to thats mellow in the Alternative genre
can you play {song title} by {artist}
Can you add cups to my grocery list?
would you check and confirm last thing i said please.
Set the settings to mute
How old is Ryan Reynolds?
Please tell me how to do my daughters 8th grade math
change the time zone from washington to new york
it is helpful,, olly.
I need recipe for yellow rice
play track one from my david bowie playlist
Is there a canoe shop around here Olly?
friday forecast
Play the next episode
Find dinner with mom on my calendar and delete it.
Tell me if in this world there are person who have face very similar to mine?
please will you confirm the last thing said.
yeap good response to command.
I have a new email address, can you send an email?
put alarm for this meeting
Google find and play Florida Georgia Line the one with Nelly.
play blank playlist
Its too bright in here
Remind yourself to remind me about needed to be reminded about that meeting.
would you elaborate your words once again to me please.
What did Kim Kardashian wear to London Fashion Week?
Is it probable that there would be rain in the forecast today?
play an FM
make a pot of strong coffee
Is it going to rain today in San Diego?
What is the current news today?
change my mum's email in my phonebook
what is that one more time.
i did not quite catch up with you.
Remind me to water my plants every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
Cooking
Put milk on the shopping list.
When is it going to snow next?
you've understood command correcly.
Where is the Closest Restaurant
Schedule a meeting on Tuesday
Play the 50 songs I listen to most often.
Set a Thanks Giving event for Friday
Alarm clock
clear my schedule
Anyone for tennis?
how big is russia
i wouldn't really care.
What is a hypothesis?
How much is remaining after subtracting 4 from 8?
please could you clarify more on it.
when I should leave to XXX
I have a dentist appointment on Monday morning, true or false?
PDA I want to go to Sally's Brithday on Saturday at 10pm
What music genre do I play most?
PDA: Whats on my grocery list
remove the milk from the shopping list
can you give me the details of indian embassy
Smart plug socket off please.
Google, I need you to delete the current list.
Can you pull up the current news stories?
Remind me at 2 pm Tuesday for the 3 pm meeting with the boss.
Can you put on The Giver?
How much is one dollar in euros?
tell me the weather of city A .
what is love
add 'shape of you' to the current queue
Olly, can you tell me where to shop for clothes near my current location?
can you check the facts on this issue
play keno
Play a pocast
Remove frida from contacts
i would like you cancel it.
Do I have emails
Do I have alarms set ?
PDA tell me what time it is right now in Austin
Remove all the events from my whole calendar.
will you check and confirm details.
when was the world war 2 tartes
Tell me about oldest reminder
i think not right answer.
Tweet a complaint to Amazon about delayed shipment
Add a reminder to April fourth to go to the dentist.
Are there any upcoming events on my calendar?
that is helpful, appreciated.
please explain space
What is on my shopping list?
please delete this item
please will you check detail.
nope, it's not the correct command.
how many rupies are in a dollar
Whats a good place to eat around Midtown New York?
what is the cost of a train ticket to denver
PDA does Fridays do takeaway.
Delete marriage july 3
Play randomized Pop Songs, no repeats.
please can you rephrase further on what you have said to me.
plants
Who is singing?
what is the name of this song
I am in need of a taxi right now.
Save email for later
What is the answer to 2 times 3?
What is time now in California.
i am sorry but it is not the correct command.
Please turn off all of the lights in the house.
Notify me about birthdays of all my facebook friends.
What channel is Bates Motel on?
Clear my entire calendar
What's the weather in Chicago Illinois?
could you please check my last instruction.
shit, i didn't say that.
I need help with cooking baked chicken.
Should I bring a coat with me?
olly that is enough, stop it.
Can you direct me to the menu for the highest-rated Chinese carryout near me?
Where on earth has the most volcanos
please would you check detail.
Echo, have I received any emails from Jeffrey Burnette?
I want to know everything that breaks about the dam breaking in California.
what is the schedule time of 'punjab mail' to reach gwalior?
Search earliest trains too Brooklyn, NY weekends and holidays
Hey hey
s2, i was unclear about your answers.
Olly, what is the highest point in the US?
Denmark geographic location?
what is the total of 500 and 23
Play classic rock
What time is it in Boston
what is the square root of 34?
get more information on geographic information about this place
What is an X?
Move to the next episode.
Short and simple
Mark April 20 as my brother's birthday.
i think it was not the correct answer.
Turn off one light on porch
PDA: skip ahead to the next podcast
you did amazing work,.
I want you to book a train ticket for me
add new checklist
Open email to send to dad.
i want some curry to go, any recommendations olly?
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
Whats next in my schedule
Which was longest buildings in the world
Olly, give me yearly average stock price for the last 5 years on Amazon.
oops, it's not correct.
you've understood that right.
What time is my dentist appointment on Monday?
yes command is great.
Find me a ride to the mall of America please
Show me the shortest route towards nearest train station.
Clear my next event
yeap you have got my instructions exactly.
Do I have any new friend requests?
using remote
add email to existing contact
remove all the events on dec 26th
What week of the year does the summer season start?
Is there any new environmental news?
Remove my alarm for tomorrow morning
where the meeting will be
play next BBC4 podcast
when the meeting start
What is the length of song?
would you check and confirm that please.
find events in local area
s2, that is not so clear to me.
Could you list out the information on book fairs in Washington D.C. for next week?
International trade and Business market
When will Tesla come to my town?
Olly, I'd like an espresso.
What is today's exact date?
PDA can you remind me to check my clothes in a hour.
yeap perfectly.
i would like you check detail please.
Show me more information about this event.
i didn't say it.
fast
s1, would you please explain your response again to me.
What times do my alarms go off?
make the lights a different color
please can you once again elaborate your response.
it doesn't matter for me, olly.
Set an alarm for tomorrow, Monday at 8am
Set a reminder for next Saturday: Go to the library at five o'clock.
Call RTA and book a taxi for 3 o'clock in the morning
Olly, do I need to wear boots?
how many sides are on a pentagon
Reply an Email to Jason that I will not come tonight
List my lists please.
Open pandora and play top 40's hits
Resume Inkheart
alexa should i bring extra water with me today?
Remove apple from list
Resume playing X.
Please play my Pop playlist
Find me the definition of  indefatigable
Do I have any reminders for today?
set music system to mute
Olly make the living room blue
Please start my music
Find easy recipe for almond milk
How slow is traffic on the five?
if it is from a very familiar place mark it as important
provide me news
Did X replied to me on mail ?
Move on to the next podcast episode.
Order 1 coffee from nearest coffee shop
I want this radio channel played
previous episode
How busy am I this week?
Search for new jokes
math courses
could you tell me once again please.
Please tweet the following to Radisson Hotels Customer Service...
whats the time in dubai
Do I need sunscreen?
color change of lights
Forcast
I would like this new email should be added to my contacts
Did I get any new emails?
who is going to the party?
Add practice to calendar on Feb 4 at King's Park at 2 p.m..
correct last one.
PDA: Tell Bob Smith...
Change the light to blue
can you delete this dinner party event
Period the light should be in dim
it must be some mistake.
Olly, front page news articles please.
What about tonight dinner with me
PDA do I have any tasks today?
add my opinion to this song: great
Here's the truth about Meals on Wheels in someone's budget
Please reply to my boss' most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum.
Make me coffee.
what is my schedule like today
Check email from John
how hot is it in quebec, PDA?
could you check instruction.
that is not right answer.
How many states are there in the United States?
please read me the last news from Boston tribute
Are there any new emails received after 4 o'clock today?
Olly, look up the map to stores near me
mario
Play Huey Lewis.
set a reminder about todays faculty meeting at 4
PDA, open new email to this coworker, at this email.
i don't really mind to select any one.
this is of no importance to me, olly.
Please read what is on my grocery list.
What day does my birthday fall on next year?
How do you cook a four-cheese omelette?
What is the most current local news?
Can you turn off my desk lamp?
check and confirm detail please.
What TV show is Jennifer Aniston on?
What's the weather like in New York City?
uhh no, you have done task all in wrong manner.
I fancy some coffee now
Don't talk until I ask you to
awesome work, you've done well.
What does (insert) mean ?
Can you make some coffee?
Domino's has takeaway, right?
Turn the security light off.
The song playing now is released by which artist?
when is the neat alaram
check my car is ready
clear calendar for this month
Love
start over please.
I want to order some takeout food
Alexa, how many libraries does the world have?
please would you speak one more again.
Nighttime mode
Did Danielle email me today?
It is dark, we need additional lighting, please adjust.
Is there anything new in my gmail?
List and play all Theory podcasts under 10 min
awesome job, you have done well.
title of content
search next station
could you please shut off.
How old are Kim Kardashian's children?
Rewind audiobook by 30 seconds
How many people are attending my next meeting?
Please reserve an Uber right now
confirm it.
once again elaborate me on that.
Remind me about my anniversary in one day advance.
Tweet ... company to complain about
How long to get to work?
Tell me when the Hockey Game tickets are for
I WANT YOU TO PLAY MY MICHAEL JACKSON FAVORITE SONG.
thanks but i think you're not right.
Let's play Canasta
Play the Beyonc playIist
let's play fifa2016, you'll be the keeper and never change position.
Olly, play CNN news
Give me the details on purchase order
put on some Coldplay
Tweet Verizon customer service.
Did i leave the light on in the Garage?
you've done your understanding correcly.
Tell me the name of the composer
When will it start snowing?
alexa should i wear sunscreen today?
Will a 2015 Fiesta be worth anything in 3 years?
Show me the latest world news
please turn socket off
I want to play poker with you.
How long does train A take to get to station B?
Show me the demographic growth rate of Switzerland in the last ten years
Olly recommend some local shops to me.
Just delete the next engagement event
Play me some hihop
send a complaint to consumer service of this company
play a song randomly from my playlist
could you say one more time please.
turn down the sound
I would like to listen to Celine Dion.
schedule pizza takeout for 7 p.m.
what would be a good romantic dinner?
that does not matter with me.
who takes less of duration of time for delivery
Book a taxi at my home address for right now
i'd like you to confirm that please.
that's all, stop it.
Are there any updates in regard to the election?
What's going on lately with _____?
Delete this event on march 3
Erase calender events
Olly, start the podcast over that I started last night.
Please Find a contact number of Rahul Judawa.
What is the exchange rates in this region
make the lighting bit more warm here
i have to wear a jacket in the morning?
Can you show me the directions to go Museum of flight in Seattle.
i was not so clear about what you've said.
Alexa, turn off the lamp in the living room.
Was Lucille Ball a natural redhead?
Send an email to peter asking him which one dress should I bring and attach the photos of dresses taken recently.
whats is the weather in Hyderbad
Search this object's definition
Are there ways to go ahead and clear my calendar for the month?
Is Eddie Murphy still alive?
I need to add bananas to my grocery list.
Please arrange to remind about this job
How many days are in this month?
Does Pizza Hut have delivery?
Tell me about economy and gdp about india vs china
What is the highest mountain in Asia?
Lights Dim
Tell me international news.
Do I have a number for Jerry
a word like ramification
Are there dog shows going on near New York city?
do coffee
Add meeting with all employees on March 20 at 9 AM
What was the last thing my mom said?
Stop the music
Play Alternative Rock.
Raise volume
send a post in instagram
Remove 7am alarm.
what date is today
Do you know actor surya?
Is there any construction on route 66?
Please play a song by Bruno Mars.
explain further on last sentence to me please.
play me a podcast
how is the traffic now
i want you to confirm my last instruction please.
review latest movies
What events are happening soon?
what train companies are near me
could you please once again elaborate to me.
sorry but i think you have messed up.
can you check and confirm that please.
Cancel lunch with Carl for next Tuesday.
sorry but you did some mistakes.
I have a flight to take on the 15th
Olly, Lets hear WGRR 103.5
what mistakes do you usually make
How long does it take to get there
alexa remind me to go to my doctors at 4pm on tuesday
well done, thank you very much.
i need a reminder for ,my 5pm meeting
Given me the exchange rates between USD AND CAD
i was unclear about what you've just said.
how many Beatles are still alive
thanks but i think you got me not correct.
I am no longer attending the wedding on the 10th so remove it from my calendar.
inbox this mail.
What lists are in my notebook?
Do I have any emails from Jane Doe
Sum up all the things for me I could do to make myself happier
Restart American Gods.
can i go outing without any umbrella/raincoat
remind me for tomorrow dinner
Please, put to my calendar daily standup to 10am
Play my motivational playlist.
Remove the alarm set for 10pm
nope, that is not what i asked.
uhh no, that's not what i was searching for.
By definition what does the word absolute mean?
Please play (program) on xmtune
stop, you have me incorrectly.
Let's hear some indie rock, okay?
Give me a new light color.
Add podcast favourites to playlist and start.
Olly, show the method to prepare icecream
how old is jennifer garner
Could you tell me about the alerts I have set?
Provide me whith the news about Iphone
How long will it take me to drive to work today?
Can you check to see if I have any recent email alerts?
What is 10 AM in Eastern time?
Tweet for me the complaint about drainage choke up
What will be the weather on Monday this week
What is the definition of organization?
Please give me all updates on the election.
Add song to running list
Order me the fish risotto from the Golden Fork
what time zone is in cuba?
How long do I need to cook a brisket for it to be medium.
hey olly check emails
describe piramid
List the latest apple stock prices.
can you tell me the current time?
What are the latest tweets on my Twitter account
Play the first song on my Playlist
play golf
events happening between 8am and 5pm today
Cancel meeting at three
Confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
Joke please
Please open grocery list and add bananas to list.
What's the latest on Trump?
I need to edit Marie Jones' email address to read jonesm1980@yahoo.com.
reply my address to john
PDA. erase that item from my list.
would you stop please.
How long do I need to boil an egg?
What is the result of two by two?
Post the following status to Facebook.
show me more about the presidential election
i would like to hear that information spoken again.
you did it all in wrong manner.
Set a notification for my 12pm meeting 15 minutes before
Olly, what's traffic likexchange on 441?
Olly recommend a local steak restaurant.
Can you put on love playlist?
what are my reminders today
What time is 12PM Eastern Time in Pacific Time?
alexa give me everything you know about bob dean
Have I gotten any new emails today?
confirm what i last said.
Tell me 1 euro = $
What will be the weather day after?
Make it red in here
please reply to my colleagues mail about his query
What schedule event do I have for this month.
where was you
tell me what weather is outside
let's try the instruction said one more time again please.
Let me know when my meetings are on Monday.
Can you turn off/on the wenmo plug socket.
do I have anything scheduled in my events
Can you tell me what the items on my grocery list are?
Can you add milk to my grocery list?
s2, don't get your words.
Have my iroomba clean the house.
s1, please elaborate more on this to me.
Listen to the martian from downpour
please start the vacuum cleaner
Give me the current date
what was that once again.
Hello,book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tommorow morning.
Recipe for Spaghetti
can you post my business on facebook
Can  i go out in shorts
nope, incorrect command.
write tweet to Bank of America
do is on my calendar for today
book a train ticket with a berth seat to Lucknow for next week
great job, you've done well, olly.
put off the livingroom light
Tell me about the latest media trends
Olly my day was extremely hard .
it does not matter with me.
Set the speakers to mute.
Did Mark post anything new on Facebook
confirm that.
please would you elaborate more on your words to me.
Send tweet to Walmart saying i had an unpleasant experience
How often are you updated?
be silent for 30 minutes
select station you want
locate my podcast
now playing
PDA delete apples from my grocery list
what time is it in New york
Dim the lights in my bedroom
volume control please
What time does the meeting start?
What day of the week does the 15th of March fall on?
Add jpearsonjessica@gmail.com to email contacts
I want to hear Metallica on my rock playlist.
Please play shape of you by Ed Sheeran.
Tweet complaint to this company
whatever will be okay.
Cancel next event.
What is the westernmost city in the contiguous 48 states of the American mainland?
currency exchange
Can you find my lists?
what train stations close to me also sell tickets
that was not what i was looking for try it again.
What day of the week is the 1st of March?
Go to WBMP-FM radio
Do you think it will be okay to wear shorts this week?
Which was the first satellite to be launched by NASA?
How old is Tom Hanks?
Olly, check my email.
please could you tell me that one more time again.
Make the light in here redder.
check and confirm details please.
PDA: I need to send a new email, here is the address and then add it to the contact list
Book a train ticket from Los Angeles to Chicago that goes via Miami
Ok Google, start audiobook {title}
Dim my light
I need the definition of the new lg washing machine.
will you try what i've said again please.
PDA, if I call Mike in California at 6pm, what will his time be?
i took my truck to the shop
How people are thinking in such a manner that they can hide everything from God
Please tell me Bob lives.
What will be tomorrow's weather in this location
Next Episode
play random song from 80s playlist
s1, can you please rephrase me further on your response.
please increase the light of table lamp
can you tell me the time in new york
Write a tweet telling Macy's that they should be shutting down instead of JCPenney.
ennema eatha
what are the new movies releasing
Call a car for me
Is jack send any email
What is the interval of train departures in Chicago?
How do I make Tuna Casserole from scratch?
please elaborate me on your answer further.
What is happening in the world news?
Current time in
that is unimportant for me, olly.
Put the playlist on shuffle.
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
Olly show unread new emails.
LIGHT KO RAISE KARO.
I need to book a taxi.
Set the alarm for five o'clock in the morning.
Olly Kfix is my favorite rapper
Set lights brightness higher
8 AM in Manila is what in New York?
s1, will you once again clarify your words to me.
is a peso worth more than a dollar
olly that is all, cancel.
it's not the right response.
what song is on the radio
Clear all items on my calendar for April
Open Audiobook
Call Eastwind and order lomaine to go.
set alarm half an hour from my meal time.
i am sorry but i think that was not the right response.
Please delete the Wednesday evening alarm.
Keep going on podcast
Who are the greatest guitarists of all time?
can you retry what i've said please.
pls create a new contact information about jo
where I can find xxxx
will you explain me about your words further.
Olly, get rid of my current alarms.
i am unclear about it.
you helped a lot, thank you so much, olly.
Do I have anything scheduled tomorrow from noon to 3:00 PM?
Repeat the next song
Hey Olly, what time is it in Orlando, Florida?
after cooking  the stuffs add some masala content and cook it again in a tawa and serve
will you explain me more on what you just said please.
whats the exchange rates between USA and China
I would like to know her history
Get rid of the events on the 19th from my calendar.
Play the current playlist
Play Boogie in Your Butt by Eddie Murphy
check what i last said please.
UEFA European Championship
Play walking list
Set a reminder for April 7th at 4 p.m.
play next on podcast.
Play yesterday's Hot 97 morning show
Let me know aboutthe new emails.
olly write down meeting at 7pm
Recommend songs based on my playlist?
find news about Brexit
When is the last local departing from Mumbai CST to Pune?
Send an email to my boss about my leave
PDA please search for local events
May i ask you to dim the lights
that was wonderful work, musch appreciated.
What exactly is a resin tooth filling?
Can you send a tweet to Lifx saying that their app crashed?
Start my audio book from where I left off.
please remove remainder
play the song for me
could please tweet that the kinley water bottle was charged for more than maximum retail price at the movies.
list stock price for this company stock
it is useful, thank you, olly.
I would like my PDA to write original romantic messages for my wife.
I want to hear Radio head please
Remove books from list
I need to calendar a meeting with Nathan on Monday at 9am.
I need to go to (location). Book a train ticket.
Please turn on the lights in my house.
really i would not mind, olly.
can you read me news on Trump?
Are there any MMA events coming to Golden 1 Center?
tweet at company
What ingredient can be used to replace white wine
House, change all lights to blue.
I find rap music really enjoyable.
it's not what i just requested.
i don't like this band
send that
RadioShows.mobi.
i appreciate it, that was great.
Olly has Robert emailed me yet?
Set a meeting with Hongbin
what is the price of GOOGL today
What causes in burmuda triangle
count down for the birthday of XXXXXXXX
please rectify the wrong command.
What can I cook with broccoli and chicken?
remove apples from my shopping list
Delete the dog list for me
Keep me informed on this
Add dan@dan.com to my contacts
Please set a monthly reminder for paying rent.
What alarms are coming up?
it's cool, i appreciate it.
you had me incorrectly.
is the alarm to the backdoor set and ready to go?
anything is okay for me.
Please send a voice mail to Mr. Richard office about meting him on 1/2/2017 at 5 pm.
This is a good song. Put it on repeat.
Have I gotten any emails in the last couple of days?
PDA: Play rock playlist
Waht is the geographic area of Australia
i like you to confirm the details please.
Show me my husbands Facebook posts today.
s1, please will you rephrase further on what you have said.
Tweet the current temperature.
can you please check command.
let me know up and down in stock price of this company stock
Please Google search my name and see what the results say.
PDA please schedule a meeting with Derrick in Haysi at noon.
Alexa, define Television
Remove meeting reminder for tuesday
Delete my Christmas Holiday list.
Turn up the brightness
Set brightness to 50%
Please trun off Middle light of room.
Compare weather, home and San Antonio Texas
Describe (insert) for me please
What does tacobell stand for?
please check that command.
that wasn't it.
Is my work alarm set for tomorrow?
My coffee is cold please make more coffee
Olly please check if i got any emails from mom
Send a birthday email to my boss
make the room brighter
Open the calendar and create a new event
Cook me some pasta with cheese and honey in it.
Set a birthday event for Wednesday
Remind me at 8am tomorrow that I have a lunch meeting at noon in the conference room
any one will be good with me.
yeah you have done your understanding right.
I WANT TO SLOW DOWN MY SPEAKER.
Start vacuum bot.
Let me know the weather for today
make it brighter
List the 20 most-repeated songs
really i don't mind, olly.
have remainder of the program to listen
I want to make a note on my calendar for the event tommorow at the library
uhh no, that's not what i asked for.
Is there a training scheduled for tomorrow?
Has anything new happened with _____?
Turn the living rooms lights off.
please say one more again.
Tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
describe the new football game rules
I want coffee.
remind me when XXX sends me an email
Technology
x out item
Siri, what's happened in the news today?
What did JLO do today?
Turn on Vacuum cleaner
Add a reminder for April 20 as my bro's birthday.
turn the lights blue
How do I contact Charles?
send email to daddy, i'll be going to the birthday party.
What's your favorite color?
s2, your answers is not clear to me.
Olly, how many rivers are there in Europe?
thank you.
What genre is this song in
How did Michael Jackson die
hey olly, do i have any new emails?
Can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in West Philadelphia?
if it is raining i will not go for job
Does Pizza Hut have my order ready?
shit, i didn't ask for it response.
have no idea.
I need to know more about the parade this weekend.
PDA, change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow.
the newest samsung phone
whatever is okay.
Please start playing my Youtube playlist.
What person produced the song that is on the radio?
what's the traffic on the 101
play foke
At what age did Brad Pitt marry Angelina Joli?
How will be today for me
add event to calendar and repeat
How old was Elvis when he died
you did that perfectly.
What was the last movie that Brad Pitt starred in?
Can you tell me about my mettings next week?
please further rephrase me about what you have said.
Make me laugh, I want to hear a joke.
Tell me about reasons of winning of trump.
i am sorry but i think you do not get me.
wait, i think you have got it incorrect.
how long untill I get home
what is the weather this friday
Launch game
How can the word  placid be used?
Play me songs of genre
Who is the wife of Obama ?
I had a great day today, What do you think Olly?
Initiate the robot vacuum cleaner
clear the dust and then on the cleaner
Tweet @companyname that I did not receive my order on time
Tell me about any pending reminder
Please delete all calendar events
On what date is Easter this year
Olly, is there anything I should be reminded about?
Does dominos deliver?
Start me a new list.
thank you very much for your answers.
when is Jacob's birthday?
What topic is the most talked about today?
How's the weather going to be this week?
Play Chopin
Tell me what clothing stores are within 5 miles of me.
Chane light colour to green
When did Davy Crockett live and die?
Can I get the food to go?
PDA, fly me to the moon.
i want you confirm it please.
try it one more time please.
i do not really mind.
Tell me what's going on with Facebook.
Breeds of dog that are most hypoallergenic
I hope tomorrow will be better.
Did I add milk to the shopping list?
yeah that is perfect.
what will the weather be on the 7th
search on his locality
Please read any e-mails from the yesterday aloud.
answer the email
could you check it.
when was the last alarm set
Open calendar, remove all events
Cancel my alarm for tomorrow morning.
appreciated, that's nice.
Can you pull up information on the singer(s) of this song?
replace
it is fantastic job, musch appreciated, olly.
dammit, i did not say it.
when are holiday in current month
I need to go to Dundee at 5am on Sunday by train
How many eggs should I put in my cake mix?
Please make the lights blue
where can I use this word
Lower lights
would you explain further on it to me please.
Twitter to destination XL that they run out of sizes too fast.
save this email in contact
What is the Euro to dollar exchange rate?
How can I go to Rome by train on Wednesday next week?
that's good, thanks.
what day is today
whatever, olly.
thanks, that was great one.
do not really know, olly.
What is the average temperature in March for Pennsylvania and how does that compare to the last 10 years?
What appointments do I have today?
What is the highest mountain range in the US?
definition of marketing
i need to hear your instruction you just said again.
what is the traffic today
how warm is it now
clarify once again to me please.
i think it was not correct command.
Please remind me of my teachers meeting on Thursday at 3:00pm.
what did you mean by that.
good
Cancel the alarm that is set for tomorrow at 8 am.
Play pop
s1, please elaborate me on your answer further.
PDA, Should I take a rain coat for later?
What is the exchange rates of this currency
Please tell me the news in Polk County, Florida.
KYA TUM MERE FRIEND KE PAAS EK EMAIL BHEJ SAKTE HO.
How is the weather likely to be this week?
Where Seth lives?
remind meeting with sara on monday
PDA, show me cooking websites.
I have to go to a meting on friday at noon, can you remind me?
I need an email sent to the following email address <insert address here> can you do that for me please?
it was helpful, thanks.
Remove from my shopping list everything
Delete that item from the list
How is traffic over the Donner Summit now?
book next NY train ticket
What did the S&P close out at?
Let's play (specific song/genera/ station)
Where is the nearest Olive Garden?
Is this the correct area code for my boss?
could you reset the last phrase spoken please.
find me news about BREXIT
yes that's fantastic.
Tweet to Bank about non receipt of checkbook
thank you, olly.
will you check and confirm that please.
What is the time in Austrailia right now?
Pink nobody knows
List of lists, please.
please could you check what said.
I want topics on celebrity gossip
Play the song 'doggie style' in continuous mode
Tell me my meetings this Wednesday morning
can you repeat.
create event 'christmas' on Dec-25-2017 and set it to a repeating reminder
PDA tell me the current time.
what is the best method to decide what the best thing to do is....re:
what is the avg. per captia income between asia and europe people
The current news
what is latest news about this world
good work, you've done well, olly.
Can you play acoustic music with no commercials?
What character do Chris Evans play?
What video game should I play next?
What is the length of Amazon river
Is it going to rain later today?
Turn off living room lights.
Olly what is it today
i am sorry but you have that not right.
would you say once more please.
Has it been a busy day?
area of north america
could you check my last question.
Have I received new emails in the last 10 minutes?
yeah excellent response.
open the door
Lets get something on the calendar for Tuesday
Speak louder please
give description of statue of liberty
thanks but i think you messed up with.
Play Bad Religion folder
set meeting for january 25
i am unclear about your answer.
What is the closing price of axel company
yes you have done your understanding correcly.
can you give me the train times to NYC
Echo was my afernoon meeting cancelled?
PDA, tell me the time in Tokyo.
what is your prescription for long and healthy life?
i didn't catch up with you.
Tell to Joes email that come to my house in this moment i am alone
Find a non-stop train to Seattle
i would like you to check my last question please.
Can you play Katy Perry.
mute the music
would you speak once more please.
power down the plug socket 1.
Olly play me some music by Sigur Ros
How many new emails are there in my Gmail?
Remove Mike Stein from Contacts list
todays events
show me a funny video on youtube
send a replay email
i am angery
what was that one more again.
What's on the list?
hmm, this is not what i am searching for.
Please play the notebook audio
play a retro song in my playlist.
olly would you please shut down.
Remove my latest list
What is the number of the closest taxi company?
Please show me marathon nearby me
Olly, do you have any advise for me how I should handle
Olly, what's the weather right now?
Play Taylor Swift music
Change dollar to rupees rates
fun things to do today
i did not say that.
What is the answer to (specific question)?
My calender to be added with Bola birthday of 12th July
Play my favorite song of last year.
What is the definition of precocious?
Save my song preferences on playlist
Make the lights...colour
tell me about alarms
will you repeat.
show me details of arnold
i am unclear about what you've just said.
Did Renee just post to my Facebook feed?
What is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar ?
I want to read Yahoo news
Play Thinking Out Loud now
alexa tell me about bob dean?
mahaboobsayyad@gmail.com
Olly, I'll be seeing my therapist every Thursday at two PM.
Open FIFA 17
What emails are new?
power up the plug socket 1.
what ingredients do I need for tomato soup
What's on my list?
are you sure that is the right command.
When is my next appointment with Dr. Smith?
Can I know the breaking news from CNN?
What kind of shoes should I leave the house with?
Tell me a random trivia.
PDA light off now
please further rephrase it.
order me some chinese food
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
can you tell me what terse means
wait, i think that was not the correct response.
What type of music do I normally rate highly?
Hey Olly, make a list of names starting with vowels and ending with vowels
I want to cook that meal
it was helpful, appreciated.
PDA, show me my calendar.
check and confirm the last thing i said please.
Lights, color red.
Play all the list of country songs
PDA what does this week's weather look like
What is Google's current stock price?
i need to hear the last spoken again.
Set a reminder to pick up food this Friday.
what emails came from mom
what playlists do you have for pop music
this weeks events
Play a song from my favorites.
Can I have the 10 day forecast for my area
which event is going on in my area?
Please keep quiet for the next hour.
what new movies available today?
s2, i am not so clear about your answers.
can you again rephrase me on your answers.
thanks but i think it's wrong.
Look up recipes for four-cheese omelette.
will you please elaborate me further on this.
Is this event date right?
what time does the train arrive?
how is the day today
Search my emails with subject including work hours
Let me know later.
Get me Osteen on sirius?
Post New Status on Facebook - time to celebrate
that's excellent, thank you.
Send me notice of meeting Wednesday 9 am.
What is the weather in Sydney now?
i don't really mind.
i would like to hear your last the procedure said again.
i don't mind for whatever.
give me directions to the target on i-40
KYA TUM MERE MATH KO SOLVE KARNE ME HELP KAROGE?
what is name of the song currently playing
Are there any trains leaving from New York City at 8pm?
How far away is Dushambe?
Wikipedia page about Sean Connery
Can you play kxly for me?
publish an article in pinterest
Remove my car payment on my calendar.
I ate breakfast this morning
This question does not make sense.
How much yens is a dollar worth?
Can you give me the movie schedule?
Activate the vacuum cleaner and use it
Hey Siri, play me an automated playlist based on songs heard in Gaana app this week.
Look up the definition of blunder.
open twitter, send message
remove 'new year' from calender
Answer email from Sally.
Has the University of Greenwich emailed me
Will there be rain tomorrow in (My Location) ?
check the command.
Is the road clear in Florida?
Can I get an order delivered from Romero's?
I would like to attend church every Sunday at 11am.
I would like to hear jazz music.
Change contact
Turn on living room radio
i'd like you just cancel.
What is the highest mountain in the world?
How many stray animals are saved every year?
you have done that right musch appreciated.
radio programm
Play 30 Seconds to Mars' new album.
What's on my playlist?
I need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone.
you didn't get what i just said.
where is the nearest restaurant here?
olly shut down.
low the volume
thanks but i think you have messed up with the command.
i need a reminder for Friday's meeting.
increase lighting
Play me last year's hits
What is this weeks weather forecast?
hey siri list the local shops for me
what kind of lists do i have
Olly, what else do I have on the list?
please explain me on it once again.
Add coffee to the grocery list
I want the robot vacuum cleaner to start at 1pm today.
Schedule a meeting with the accounting department on 2:30pm on Friday.
v8 belongs on this week's grocery list.
What do they have going on at young circle this week?
Is this my sisters cellphone number?
Olly, display address of John
Set an alarm for the dance classes two hours before the classes start
Can you please book train tickets for 2, for this Friday.
yeap perfect response.
speak one more time.
Olly, all new mail
forward a mail to sandy
you got that right.
What are trending topics on Twitter right now?
Please show today meting with clients
i'd like you check and confirm my last instruction please.
PDA, Can you give me instructions on how to cook this food.
yes you have done that perfectly.
What are the next three alarms set to go off?
Can you make me some coffee Olly?
yeah excellent response to the command.
Bring up the grocery list and add v8.
What is happening in the world right now? Check BBC.
What does diverse mean?
turn on repeat
The latest climate and weather news.
What's the easiest way to cook pasta?
What is the weather for the next 7 days?
Who has written to me or mentioned me in social media?
Obama- information
Why are whales big?
Increase the volume of the speaker
How much long is atlanta
initiate vacuum clener
that was useful,, olly.
olly tell me my alarms
repeat same song for 10 times
How long until I receive my food
you've done answer right.
give me current information about traffic at central park road.
Let's play global thermonuclear war.
Are there any recall news?
Remind me to order more soap
when is the next train to Philadelphia?
oh no, i think you didn't understand me.
that's useful, thanks, olly.
hey siri what are the latest headlines today
MERE FAVORITE RADIO STATION KO TUNE KARO.
Ok Google, play FMOD
What is a virtual reality headset?
yeap fantastic response.
Olly, turn on Flappy Bird.
I like it
Order me a large ham and olive pizza from Dominos.
could you please have Uber be at my house in fifteen minutes?
will you stop please.
sorry but this is not the right response.
please delete my morning alarm
What were the highlights from this evening's soccer match?
on 5th april which day of the week
Olly, show me some news from BBC
Exchange rates of INR and USD
Please check my inbox and tell me if there are any new arrivals
change the genre from rock to classic
please remove all the entries marked in the calendar
Decrease brightness of lights
What is the current price of jindel stock
do you like love song?
What is the date?
Play the Billboard top 10.
Please give me address of Salman khan apartment
Give me the stock price of Berkshire Hathaway
What alarms are set for this week Echo.
What's the time for neighboring city
What's up with this yellow light?  Get some white up in here.
I WANT TO PLAY THAT MUSIC ONE AGAIN.
status of take away
What the weather like in your vacation.
can I see my lists for today
Start audio book The Two Towers.
Include this.
Play my workout playlist in spotify
i want you to remove the item from the list
Do I have a doctor's appointment this Thursday?
What are the trending topics in the world
What is happening in the election
musch appreciated, it was wonderful.
Open Spotify and play personal channel.
Please show all events of tomorrow.
you have done it correctly i appreciate it.
I need to find a gift.  What stores are within a 1 mile radius?
Remove eggs for the shopping list
order 6 chicken tacos from Chipotle
Start my robert vacuum cleaner by 10 to 11 am daily.
How many cities are on international borders?
will you further elaborate me on it please.
Show me Prince's biography
PDA, how do I set my coffee machine to make coffee?
10.02.17
please could you tell me one more time again.
What emails have I gotten since last night?
What is the weather in Paris?
I need an email to be sent to sdfa@fasd.com
What is the Yen Us Dollar exchange rate?
Today feels like hard rock.
PDA, change the color of my porch lights to green.
Please let me know about a meeting after  days
Delete item from my list
Ten percantages of hundred
What all lists are available?
get rid of this list
Tell me some business news.
Olly, how long should I boil the eggs
hey siri what time is it
PDA, delete list item
Figure out what percentage 30 is of 163
6:00
Please make me a coffee.
Olly, I watched the best movie. Please reserve me a copy when it releases.
Much more clearer and subject oriented
Let me know if anything happens on that subject
go to contacts and enter a new email address
meaning of word
When is medonna's birthday
Who's this song by ?
lets hear some groovy tunes
Play the song I listen to the most
Do I have any pending reminders?
this must be mistake.
i'd like you check and confirm the detail please.
05.02.17
Play WXYZ.
Will it be warm on Friday night?
can you tell me the time it is
Tell me the funniest joke that was ever told.
tell me what you've said one more again please.
wait, i think you messed up my command.
Play all Order of the Green hand from previous week
Please add contact e-mail johndoe@yahoo.com to John Doe's contact information.
yeah wonderful.
Send e-mail to Nancy about tomorrow's work party details.
it's right.
Do we have Morgan's office's number?
What is next on my calendar?
I would like to listen to howard stern on 97.9 fm
what's the latest news from BBC?
yes you have gotten it exactly.
can you check and confirm what said please.
How old is Dolly Parton?
Remind me about my business meeting at 3:45pm
Notify me an hour before my 2pm appointment at the car dealership
Olly recommend a blue grass band event within 20 miles of Mancheser, MA this week.
open contacts and call john smith
Resume audiobook please
I need some ambiance, please.
please elaborate me about the last sentence further.
s2, i was not clear about that.
How many states have the death penalty?
play radio programm name
yes answer was confirmed.
Tune to classic hits
Jobs in my area for my skill set.
Hows Mysore climate today
capacity , new technics of audio capacity, retrieval capabilities for personal or business use...etc.
computer(item name) should be removed from the list
how much is the us dollar vs the pound
will you tell me what you have said one more time please.
quick meals
March 5th is John's birthday, please place this on the calendar.
Logan
How can I find tickets to the Super Bowl for under $100 each.
Check inbox
what events are this week
Olly turn on Criminal podcast
Ask Joe and Joanne if they can attend tomorrow's meeting at 11am
Play my Spotify Dance Play List
that's enough, just cancel it.
add this email to a new contact
have no idea regarding to what to do.
that's useful, thanks.
shit, i think you did that in wrong manner.
Olly, how far is Canada from my current location?
PDA, stream Poker Face by Lady Gaga
play new albums
Tweet complaint at Verizon.
Lets play chess together
Find the meaning of promise.
date of joining
Turn off kitchen light
PDA can you remind me to meet with Jesse next Saturday.
What is the net worth of thew celebrity.
What is the definition of session
please let's try your word spoke again.
New calendar entry, meeting
Ask Amazon.com customer service when I can expect my refund using twitter
will you explain further on what you've said please.
How many Likes I have got on my Eggless Cake post on youtube?
you rock, thank you very much.
answer is wonderful.
PDA does Mr Pizza deliver?
Olly, I would like a cup of coffee with 1 cream and 3 sugars.
I'd like to hear some Motown.
I want to hear this week's Midweek Motorsport.
describe item xy
s1, rephrase what you've just said further to me.
could you confirm detail please.
What is Dolly Parton's birthday?
What is the current stock price of Samsung?
please let me hear 666 the number of the beast
send email to boss saying I will be late.
s1, would you please further clarify me on your answers.
would not bother.
Olly, set an event on 2nd March at 12 pm noon in your calendar for Jim's birthday
I had slow day with bad weather as well Olly.
What's the weather like today?
Please create a list of Due payment those who not received more then 10 Months.
Play Howard Stern on sirius.
play classical music
Explain it to me
someone
How much would it cost to buy stock in Apple?
Delete lunch with Michael
Tell me the today'd date
please would you check the detail.
All food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list.
What is the date two Saturdays from now?
set my alarm for 12pm
show me new email
please can you explain further on your words.
that does not matter to me.
Is Bills house number in my contacts?
explain your answers again.
open my list
remove my task list
Political news of importance for the day
doesn't really matter.
that is wonderful, appreciated.
Tell me about scheduled events
send this content via email
what is the headline from Chicago Tribune?
Is it windy today?
Give me the volume settings.
Who emailed me recently and what did they email about?
Is there anything left on my list?
remind me after 10mins
yes you got the command correcly.
s1, would you further elaborate to me please.
Take that off there
Do you know the definition of school
Is it going to snow?
i want you to confirm that please.
Any new Facebook posts from Amy?
It would be nice if you could play with my kids
let's play our favroite football match on tv
any latest updates for the games.
how do you fell
are my contacts mostly female or male?
search on his informations
PDA, can you read me my Lists?
When is the next train leaving for Austin
Google I need to answer that last email.
PDA I am forever hip hop.
yeap you've got my instructions correcly.
Is there going to be fog in the morning?
is there any new emails?
one plus two equal ?
s2, i did not catch up with you.
Next train to D.C.
current time in London
tell me if 540 is subtracted seven time by 28.
How do I book a train ticket online?
List all the shops that are located in Milan
play reggae music
how many records did coldplay sell?
how much is amazon stock?
Go silent until 3 pm.
you did wonderful work, appreciated.
Open my email account and check for new mail.
thanks, that's fantastic job, olly.
Whats the latest?
compose an email to _____
Do I have any notifications
Calender henvich marriage
Is it a rainy and stormy day?
Celebrity news
begin playing the audiobook 'Beauty and the Beast'
Wimbledon Grand slamm tennis
olly can you shut down please.
Add eggs to my grocery's shopping list
PDA play this program
Please list shops withing X miles from me
Play Hoizer radio station from my Pandora app.
Remind me about this task next week
where is the event today?
I need to send an email to
Pop
forward the mail to new e-mail address
Did the price of Wal Mart stock go up or down?
Give me some recipes for_______
Send an email to Mom tell her I love you
Alexa, spread some lights
Olly, I challenge you to a game of tic-tac-toe.
Can you find out the latest world news from yesterday?
I love the songs of micheal Jackson, can you save some songs of jackson for me
Cortana, will you please put something something@gmail.com in my contacts?
create repeating event 'john's birthday' on calendar
Create new email address.
chatbot
Ok Google, start reggae music
dammit, not right command.
Tell me which catering packages are available.
Can you update me and let me know when my appointment is on x day?
IT'S NOW WINTER IN US
How far away is the sun
change lights
What is traffic like right now?
I hope we could eat biscuits
Olly, Double cappuccino small, please.
Am I busy today?
decrease speaker volumne alexa
Cortana, if it's 8 PM on the east coast, what time is it in Sacramento, California?
Find out more about the annual tea party.
Suggestions for future
Please post so bored to facebook
Start the Dogwalking playlist.
What did Apple stock close at yesterday?
i went to the park
appreciate help.
How can I cook pizza.
Play Candy Crush with me.
Please play the song Everytime I see you
What is happening at that event?
softer
just idle chit chat
will you please post this to my facebook, 'i love you'?
olly cancel please.
awesome job, you did well.
Cortana, please shut the lights.
olly can you call a taxi?
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
it's good job, i appreciate it.
Find and make a playlist of all the latest dancing tracks.
you did perfect job,, olly.
What is the size of the United States?
Is there a parade on Friday?
amazing job, you have done well.
could you speak once again.
Are there any new messages in my inbox?
How many alarams are set?
alexa add shoes to my list
where the event will be
Can you play tic tac toe?
Set alarm for 1 hour from now.
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
please can you shut up.
Director who direct an act
I would like a joke
speak more about the event
Thirteen minutes from now, remind me to drive to the park
stop and try what i've said once again.
Change the living room light to yellow.
i would like to hear what you said again.
Can I check my lists?
play music from a given artist
i said do this.
Play poker with me.
Please respond to the email I just read.
book a cab in the evening  for me
instruct me to cook
update me
Olly.. Get me a coffee.
Set the alarm for two hours from now
once again rephrase me on what you've said.
play the next episode of podcast.
you have done it right thanks, olly.
Olly, I need to hear Notorious Thugs by Bone Thugs now.
Do I need to bring an umbrella to Manila this afternoon?
Play the footloose song
What is the current traffic
it was amazing, olly.
where is mt everest located
Please dim the lights in the bedrooms
Can you tell me which movie is going on in the nearby multiplex?
can you send email to my friend rohit which says 'I am busy tommorrow.'
alexa dollar to euro exchange rate
Who wrote the song I just wanna dance with you?
Mention the stock price of HDFC
Listen what have happened to me today
Cortana, open up contacts and add, email, something@gmail.com.
New mail notifications
Make me happy juice
How many alarms do I have set?
I had a relaxing day today
that was perfect, thank you very much, olly.
give me all my recent emails
Send me reminder to call my daughter on Thursday for her anniversary.
Is the time different in Moscow?
Please check the time
Do I have enough ingredients in my refrigerator?
Respond to jack quickly
Tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again.
Is there valet service at the event
Did I get any emails this week?
post this message on twitter
please tell me that one more time again.
can you explain me further on what you have just said.
any one would be fine with me.
how long will it take to travel to japan from south korea
Ok Google, tweet the service at Moe's Diner is terrible
I need to see if i got any new email
speak once more.
How old is Betty White?
Is the restaurant having delivery facility ?
@NikeSupport please help me out with some faulty shoes I just bought.
Do I have any new emails from John Smith?
What film should I watch
correcly.
Does the weather call for rain Saturday?
Refresh my email.
I want a lower light
Remove that
please restart and remove all the entries in the calendar.
could you please once again elaborate me about your words.
turn of all lights
Ring the alarm when I get home
You should reply to the mail.
Have stocks gone up or down today for Walmart
Tell me what the latest news is
i'd like to hear what i have just said again.
Britney Spears
Hey Olly, I want to get trains to Manchester on Wednesday.
Start the robot roomba.
fixed an time for reminder
stop, you didn't instruction the request right.
olly that's enough, stop.
please can you check the last thing i said.
i like you to check and confirm what last said please.
Can you start the vacuum?
Schedule a lunch meeting with Brent on Wednesday at noon.
local shops
What is the latest update on <insert topic here>
How do I get from where I'm at to Universal in Orlando Florida
please put on radio
you messed up with.
Traffic status please
add an event to my calendar
Can you guarantee that you can chose the winning lottery numbers?
Please let me know when Delia replies to my email from this morning.
Play todaysong from radio07
Alexa, get me a train ticket to Chicago today.
Compose a new email to Ray
Play madonnas like a virgin
Set reminder for tomorrow morning about  my meeting
Find me eighties music
Modify the light colours of the house and make them dark instead.
describe what a sphere is
Add that song to my playlist.
Listen to Duncan Trussel's latest podcast.
Remove all upcoming events please.
i want to hear the last said again.
Is there new news from cnn.com?
i want you to check it please.
Does Charley's Steakhouse deliver?
can you show me the last breaking news form WSJ?
what day is the 22nd of May?
Is there an alarm for 10am?
Which type of music it is
do not mind.
please will you check what i said.
Which teams are playing today in the premier league?
When is my takeaway going to get here?
headlines from Dhaka tribune
Emails
switch on the wemo plug
Cancel all appointments in my calendar.
how many meetings do i have tomorrow
I have already given Mark his gift today. Please remove him on my Christmas gift list.
What are the things I need for my journey?
any one will be good to me.
Play something with three or more stars from New Music.
Anything new on (specific topic) since (specific date)?
Set a meeting with Tom on Tuesday at 9am.
Give me stats on the election by the hour
uh no, i didn't say this.
The alternate email address gives
Tell me more about John Smith.
Any important emails
Search for new stuff on that subject
speak the last one you said one more again please.
Olly how do I start making Lobster Bisque
What time is it in Miami, Florida?
This was a great day Olly.
Get the cleaning on.
Is there a article on polar bears?
Play NPR
what is the radius of the biggest crater on Earth?
IT IS VERY HOT TODAY, IS NOT IT ?
look out for customer complaint cell and use the options
i would like PDA to solve maths issues
Set meeting with Joanna on Saturday 4 pm.
Do I need to pick up the kids from anything today?
PDA please check my email for me.
will you check and confirm detail.
How much Yens per USD today?
Today's schedule.
yeah that is confirmed.
How would be the weather today evening
What time is it in <insert city>
I need the recipe for...
Please remove my to-do list from today
Turn on my pandora radio
Send an email to Scott asking what the weather will be like this week.
Play songs from favorite
uhh no, thanks.
Check emails from Cassie about Tom.
What do I have to do this week?
PDA pull up all emails from my friend Cat Vonstaragrabber
at what time does the next redsox game start
Turn off the bedroom lamp
PDA please search for events in my location
What can you tell me about the dance on Friday?
What does 'turbulence' mean?
you've done it right thank you very much.
any one would be okay with me, olly.
i have no idea about what to select.
Romantic light setting please
PDA, contact hersheys on twitter
Scratch item 3
i would talk to you later.
Play something from recent playlist
Where is denmark?
it's cool, thank you very much.
what's the weather in Napels
Tweet a complaint to Apple that their battery life is terrible
Set up a daily reminder for me.
open some cools jokes
remind me that i have a meeting with cassy for an ola Event happning tommorow.
can you please rephrase more on what you have said.
After this song ends I want to hear Hotel California next.
what's the best pizza shop nearby
thanks for the helps.
the weather was bad today.
When is that meeting with my boss next week?
thank you very much for your answer.
Talk to me, PDA.
Tell me my music likes
Can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
Tell a joke.
The next even to do today is
search for X
How cold is today?
USA Today Headlines
last take away order
What will the weather be for the next week?
what time
Show me today all train times of next 2 hours at Jodhpur to Jaisalmer.
change the time
Olly, can you play Hunt for red october?
How doespopulation play a role in a countries econonmy?
Where is the food festival tonight
Find all emails that contain the following subject.
Who sent me emails this week?
Turn on the fan socket
Please raise the volume of speaker
How many miles is it from Los Angeles, California to Austin, Texas?
prepare a new list
you do not get what i wanted.
the cosmos
could you please confirm it.
what are my calender event
How much was airtel sold for sometime back?
Tell me who the 32nd prsident is.
Inform me about the most popular rom-com movie playing now in theatres across New York.
Schedule me a taxi for after my Thursday meeting.
Play tic-tac-toe with me
Play the God of small things
What is Apple's current stock price?
Remind me the night before my doctor's appointment.
Meaning of a particular word.
Show me Thai food near me.
Find a kid friendly event in my area for tonight.
Alert me 2 hours before my meeting on Tuesday with client happening at 10 in the morning.
By keying in the computer in social medias
What is the weather forecast for Seattle?
What meetings are available in March?
i do not catch that.
What's new with the stock market.
is this person sent any email
this is unimportant with me.
I need some coffee made Olly.
next song
Whats on the radio that I would like
Repeat album.
date with Love the next day
I want to start a new list.
Play my midnight love playlist.
I'm bored play a game
Olly, book me an uber, please.
i would like to crack jokes
olly could you stop.
Order a smoked meat platter from Beanos
Is my calender free for 4pm today
Olly, what movies are playing this week?
Please delete this list
start a small chart
Who sing We are the world?
Let's dance
Is it currently snowing?
it seems like your answer was not right.
How are things in the world?
What is Tom's phone number?
What's the recipe for...
set alarm for 12 weeks from today at 8am
PDA, What kind of event is happening around me?
SO CLEAN news in past 6 hours is what?
What music do I prefer?
What is the current time?
could you explain me further on your answers please.
I need some ideas for dinner that are Mexican.
exact.
yes the command is confirmed.
Please start vacuum
Is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
find john smith from Alabama
Good morning! Isn't it a great day?
Is there going to be any flip flop weather soon?
Can you please turn off the light of my bed room
Remind me to pick up Linda at 5 in the evening on 7th.
Olly, remove standup on Friday at 10am
olly that is all, just cancel.
Tweet a message to suq.com that I am still waiting for my delivery
Play Clarity by Zedd
Have any emails come in since 4:00 today?
My sister just had her baby.
I need an event three days from now scheduled with Amy.
ah it's great work.
What is the time at Singapore when or time is 5 pm
say some jokes
currently what is the exchange rate between dinar and pound
Remind me of my dentist appointment in two hours
Please show me the current stock prices for IBM
Olly, activate the vacuum cleaner.
In my calendar delete all of my golf events for the current month.
I need to delete the alarm for church on Sundays at 11am.
Play my sadness playlist.
Play a podcast from my library
that was cool, thanks.
check and confirm that.
show me the recipe for cookies
What reminders do I still have?
oh it's nice one.
yes it's correct.
Please set a reminder of Raju marriage on 31/03/2017
put new status
Play American Idol for me now.
you helped a lot, thanks, olly.
how much later is new york than L.A.?
that's wonderful.
PDA please confirm the weather for the 13th of this month.
What time does the sun set?
Tell me about Mount Rushmore
s2, i am not clear about what you have said.
Get me up in half an hour
When was Dolly Parton born?
what are todays top podcasts
remind me at 8pm to do laundry
Set notification before this event
YE SONG MERA FAVORITE HAI MAIN ESSE BAHUT BAAR SUN CHUKA HU.
Are there any emails I haven't read yet?
Is snow in the forecast?
Traffic
what's next in my calendar?
I love that song
what is <unk> u. s. d. in euros
what region is miami located
play country playlist
yeap you got your understanding right.
can you tell me it once more.
can you write an email to Chelsea
query
do i need umbrella for night
Is the weather cloudy tonight ?
Check wikipedia for a definiton of the word homosapien.
Add this item to the list
I need to know the time right now, what is it?
I'd love to hear any song that I've given five stars by Serge Gainsbourg
prepare list
Turn living room lights red
Any mail from John today?
yeap excellent response to the command.
What is the capital of Denmark?
confirm that please.
you did nice job, thank you.
PDA: When does the last  train to Clarksville leave?
You shoud know about
recollect nextweek GM's meeting
Please switch to red fm
Will I need my snow boots this afternoon?
Switch off lights
is weather normal today?
Ok Google, can you play some country music
Is Mothers Day on a Sunday?
yes perfect response.
hmm, i think wrong.
Send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china.
Will i need to be warm
Put the disco lights on
you have done it right.
ah that's excellent work.
I had a lot of meetings today
what is the the meeting schedule
Post to tumblr: I'm having fun.
whatever is good.
Who is the artist of the current song playing?
set calender for date and time with this person
Notify me if I receive any mail on my email account
Tell me the top stories in the news.
What is the boiling point of water?
What is the best chili there is?
can you check and confirm my last command please.
Send a tweet to Amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
When is the next non working day?
play bingo
Who do I have new email from?
Lower brightness of lights.
Give me the newest New York Times.
What is the weather like in Toronto?
Please list the senders of received emails from the last three days.
do the restaurant deliver?
My set alarms
do you serve for home delivery?
Open harrypotter audiobook and play from last played
check new emails
radio stations
Why is the sky blue?
nope, i didn't say that.
Show me my meetings this Friday
Remind me to start the crock pot at 2:00 PM
will you tell me one more time again.
really do not mind, olly.
that's all, stop.
Audio book play jai ho
tell me that one more time please.
check latest news
What's Kim Kardashian's measurements?
Alexa, look up Bill ? information.
when is the kiss concert?
help me to understand why the seasons change
clear all events in calender
How tall is Mt. Everest?
Ok Google, what's the best business to get into right now
Do you want to play solitaire
yeap you've got your understanding right.
this was not what i am searching for.
the definition of life
how is the exchange rate for Microsoft?
I want to know what song has the phrase stairway to heaven in it
hmm, i think you did the task all in wrong manner.
Vacuum cleaner, start!
Show me upcoming programmes on 105.1
olly tell me about some cool events going on here
Play the next podcast.
s2, i am not clear about this.
Find me the latest news story on US politics.
i am sorry but you have messed up my command.
Define capricious.
Can you make an event for friday night with Emi, Maya, and Mackensie?
thanks for the response, olly.
i am sorry but you don't understand me.
will set alarm clock one hour before my next dentist appointment?
can you pull up jeff
What are the train times for today?
Please send an email to <email address>
Tell me this week's weather forecast
Let me laugh hearing some good joke
Update on international women's day
Report weather for 33774.
any high priority emails
convert 10:30 from GMT +2:30 to GMT 0:00
Please turn all all lights.
can you further explain me on it please.
What's the stock price for Tesco?
read out the XXX list
alexa event reminder mona tuesday
could you delete all events on my calendar?
which day will be rainy in this week
Can you brief about the next scheduled events?
Define and describe an ultraviolet ray
Order a takeaway sandwich and soup from The Italian's
Time in Chicago
When you ask it to schedule an appointment that it can email the specific person and provide available dates from your calendar.
stop, i think it's not the correct response.
Set mute for 20 mins
Alexa, I would have avoided the traffic if I went early
Does Mr T have a family?
What time is the earliest train to Glasgow?
disable the alarm which is set at 9:30pm
can you take a role of enemy in the game of coc
Start the vacuum.
What is a hierophant?
wouldn't really mind.
Please play Britney Spears
What was the last email (sender) sent?
Where jackie chan currently live
it is of no importance with me.
file storage
Is it a yes or a no that tomorrows temperature will be hot.
Hey Olly, I need you to make a list of cricket players of Indian team who played for the international team in 2014
Olly Play Imagine Dragons
What is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro?
It looks sunny and clear today, is that true?
What is the weather back home today?
Beam me up scotty
Send an email to...
a good first impression
I want to hear a good joke.
Create new list for Brilliant Ideas
Play the program where I left off yesterday.
Lower lights now
What is John Smith's number?
Today I ran into my old friend Bob.
What is it like outside?
Check how many likes did I got on my most recent post?
turn room light off
Alexa, where is Australia located?
When is the wedding scheduled.
Do I have any emails from hongbin.
please will you clarify me more on that.
Please play eighties rock
light settings
does not really matter, olly.
Tell me my options for a train to LA next Wednesday or Thursday.
Who built the Prado Museum?
Do I have any new emails today?
Tell me the weather for ny city
Hi google, change the color of lights in my room to red.
Please book me for 2 pm and inform team members as well.
Let me know the list.
Give me updates on the hurricane news.
What is the low tonight in Round Rock, TX?
Play the song immediately.
alexa is the largest ocean in the world the pacific?
Lower the lights in the house please
PDA what's the time in Ottawa?
GIVE AN 3D EFFECTS
Don't let me forget I need a reminder for March 27th at Noon.
Buy me a ticket to Boston.
please tell me that message spoke once more.
when the event start
When was Frank Sinatra born?
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
play me all jazz music
Is it cold out?
Can you tell me what hypertrophy means?
set reminder for 4pm tomorrow
My favorite music please
Make new playlist from recent songs
pls turn on my door lock
Please remove my list of favorite albums.
Tell me what is on the schedule for July 7th
What are all the upcoming events
Is it warm outside?
nope, i think that's not the right answer.
set an alarm
whats the news about in africa
Do I have any alarms set, Olly?
yes excellent response.
really i don't mind.
what alarms are set
Change the opacity of the color
that is enough, just stop it.
yeap you have got my instructions correcly.
Echo play Best Friends by Yelawolf.
s1, would you please rephrase it further to me.
how about u
tweet consumer service about their dirty area
What is new about blank
Mark my budget meeting down for every Friday at 2.
yeap that's fantastic.
PDA open this program
tell me this date program
find me news about Trumps speech
Please turn off the light of the bathroom
please repeat the last sentence said.
olly what's going on around here this weekend
s2, i am not clear about your response.
please fix the wrong command.
List the latest books published by favorite authors.
Google, brighten the lights.
Add Bruno Mars to my favorites
hello Google! can you set a recurring event in my calendar for me?
Create an event with Zaf
it's nice job, thank you.
Lets hear it from FM 96.5
Remove 6 a. m. alarm of whole week for future.
Current weather
Forward to 4:20
i finished it once
show me tutorials on cooking food
Input a meeting with Jack for Tuesday.
change the volume of the speakers
Tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
Do you like the president?
would you confirm it please.
Cortana, what day does Easter fall on?
Hey can you delete the list of things I needed to get from the store?
you are star,, olly.
Am I going to a hairdresser tomorrow?
Repeat this song when it ends.
Raise the volume of the speakers to 55%.
Decrease brightness
Order two medium cheese and one medium pepperoni pizza from Dominoes.
Please add  a new email in my contacts from Sara
Schedule text messages for later.
Is Bills cell phone number in my contacts?
How many euros can I get for 1 dollar?
Please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for February 12th at 9am.
any updates from Donald Trump's  tweet feed?
a lot a feasible time
place order to pizza takeout for 7 p.m.
Play this radio channel for me
where can I get organic wheat
Turn off/on the socket!
ABOUT REALITY IN WORLD
Turn on channel BBC radio 1 please.
Where can I order pizza for delivery?
add this new email with contact
What's the meaning of Rumplestiltskin?
Switch on robot vacuum cleaner.
check my email please
Hey Olly, order a side of hot wings with my previous order.
Show me the train schedules to the Metropolitan Opera House.
Current time New York.
Cortana, find the latest article from Chris Hedges on Truthdig.
Is there any carnival in our place today
wake me for this alarm
yeah it's amazing.
Ok Google, play 106.7
set an alarm at 10 tomorrow to remind me a meeting
olly would you please shut off.
What day is the 5th?
get that perfectly.
Am I free this Saturday?
Schedule meeting with manager tomorrow at 2 pm
economic affairs
Go to cnn.com
s1, could you please elaborate me on this further.
What is the current weather in New York city
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for 23rd March
PDA, give me the exchange rate for dollar in euros.
send from twitter
Is it monday today?
What is the weekly weather report?
what's the date?
Please give me notice when I need to leave for the conference
How can I train my dog to do his business in the bathroom?
this doesn't matter with me, olly.
Can I mine for gold on any public land?
Google find the new email address for Bill that I added Friday.
olly i like you cancel.
what is the high for today?
Is my birthday this month?
it was not what i meant.
PDA please check exchange rates
Is there any traffic on my way to work?
Please tell me some international news.
start playing
that's good one, appreciated.
i have to go
it was cool, thanks.
Turn on my stereo and change it to NPR.
What meetings do I have between 8-10 today?
Make New List
Book and pay for a train ticket to Denver for Saturday.
resume audio playback of twilight
set an alarm 40 minutes from now
thank you very much for your asssistance.
Re-add eggs to the list
volume check
i think not correct command.
tell me a dirty joke
What was the news for today from news provider
Turn on the geyser
give the shortest route to the airport
take note of today as my first date with bob
My upcoming events.
what on my play list
Air pollution
Make an alarm for the morning.
whats the recipe for oats cookie
what genre is this?
Google this. How much Vitamin C is in a carrot.
I wan to play me a Justin bieber song
Mark the event monthly
remove my 4 am alaram
I need to ask you: how many angels can dance on a pinhead?
Check email from Amazon for Christmas shopping.
Is it going to be windy tomorrow?
PDA are sunglasses a good choice for today
confirm that my notification is set to remind me when I leave
Hey Olly, I just lost my wallet today.
tell me that words spoke again please.
Please play the following song
I want to see the recipe of veg biryani
Remind me to go to the gym every monday and tuesday
you do not get this right.
Notify me when Joshua emails me
Isn't it a lovely song? please save this for me.
play frozen let it go
Set mute mode for one hour.
Classice pasta recipes
I need you to convert 9 AM CST to EST time
PDA, Set an alarm for...
Please find the most popular store in the area.
Beep when I get an email from John
call me an uber for right now
yashas bithday with vinay ,vally
What are the local concerts tonight?
would you please check instruction.
temperature outside
ARE YOU SET RADIO ON MY FAVORITE RADIO STATION?
Open games
alexa make an event reminder for monas wedding on tuesday
Play pop songs
Play Kanye West playlist
Switch the station to 89.4
Google what songs have I listened to at least ten times.
record the program and listen later on
get it
temperature in Augusta GA
I want to hear Beyonce.
Turn on the oldies playlist on my radio
Remind me tomorrow at 2 pm.
Where did Rama go on his final journey?
Olly, which new emails were recieved ?
wine shop
how many countries?
define 'acceleration'
you have done that correctly thanks, olly.
play the podcast:
ABOUT WATER
Remind me about tomorrow meeting at 10 AM.
good job, you've done well.
Is there any chance of rains in Mysore to beat the heat
Remind me in two days to check my emails.
Play The Davinci Code
turn speaker volumne down alexa
tell me what the square root of 45,643,245,235,563.87 is
thanks but i think you have messed up my request.
Can this room have green light?
i am sorry but that's not the correct response.
Hi Siri, post my last clicked photo on facebook with title Marry Christmas
Earthquake prediction
Create a new email to a new address, which is brandon at example dot com
Please remove the first list.
please search for dining tables
Make a playlist of music from artists on the Exodus CD
What is 2 plus 4?
In jaipur traffic level is high
Did you place the reminder about the meeting for tommorrow
I like classic rock
any free events in LA today?
best bar in local area
Can you turn off my bedroom lamp?
How many people are using this application at this time?
PLEASE TELL ME   A SHOP WHERE I CAN FIND BOOKS TO BUY.
book a ticket to NY by train
Play Firework by Katy Perry.
adjust the light option
Check meeting schedule in todays mail
Turn on the lights that are outdoors.
who is Donald Trump
please purchase a train ticket for this weekend
What is the latest news from BBC?
Start with the first episode of that podcast.
Olly how do you make sunny side up eggs?
i like you check what i last said please.
Activate vacuum
I want to hear the best country songs of the 90's.
Find grocery store with an organic section near me.
thanks, that's wonderful work.
Play NPR through my living room stereo
is there a correlation between the weather in Beijing and NASDAQ prices over the last week?
Please Siri, put on multi colored lightning in my apartment set for festival Diwali
start complaint to walmart
yes it was perfect.
Can you put on the Chuck Palhunik audio book?
What lists do you have on you right now?
Tell me te time in Japan
Reply to all emails received between 10pm and 7am everyday
If you had to kill someone to save 3 people would you do it and if so why?
would you clarify me on your answer further please.
When is the event?
Is it raining in Toronto?
check and confirm the instruction please.
Set an alarm for tomorrow morning at 8
I WANT TO SEND AN EMAIL TO MY FAMILY DO YOU HELP ME?
Book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
How many times has Adel gone diamond?
train times
fantastic work, you've done well, olly.
Is Susan's birthday on March 1?
i have no idea about what to do.
This song was very good!
could you rephrase again to me please.
REMIND THE REQURIED EVENTS TO BE RESET
What's going on in politics today?
would you please check last thing i said.
please let us start over.
I want to see the twitter handler of Samsung
play any country music station
i like you confirm my last command please.
explain me further on what you have said please.
Olly, I'm starving  whats good to eat in cincinnati
say something funny
Cancel the alarm at xx:yy am/pm
What's scheduled for the next three hours?
that is enough, just cancel it.
Ok Google! Mute sound on speakers please
can you please confirm last thing i said.
invite people to the calendar event
Cancel upcoming event.
current politics
Open chess game
How do you feel today
shit, it's not what i wanted.
that's nice one, thank you very much, olly.
add eggs to list
Turn the lights up
wouldn't really bother, olly.
turn off media volume
list current set alarms
what is happening now?
What does (insert) mean ?
Turn room lights off now.
What are my meetings for this week?
Hey Alexa, turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
s2, this is not so clear to me.
route to melbourne
Make a new contact with this email.
How long should I cook a hamburger on each side
Turn my satellite radio to soft rock morning show please?
Are there any traffic restrictions due to the President's visit?
Is that the song from Spectre?
SAD
Play Summer Lovin' next.
I need this event on a repeating cycle on my calendar
play me a song
How many items are on my list ?
PDA, What's the schedule for this date?
Does the restaurant have carryout?
How many millilitres is two table spoons?
Read me the front page of the New York Times.
Echo, have I received any emails from my father?
Weather, pda?
Book me a train ticket at earliest time tomorrow.
open uber
display latest emails, Olly
I want the coffee machine to make me coffee.
Olly, where is the closest bar
Can you play my favorite audio book of Tarzan?
PDA name: remove the xxxx from the list
set repeating reminder for every sunday
show exchnge rate of usd vs eur
list nearby shops
post new status
Tell me the preparation method for Chicken 65
How many phone numbers do I have for Brenden?
Please make the room brighter.
What time is my doctor appointment on March 31st?
Which day is march 24th?
ticket for delhi
I need to add water to my Kroger list.
reddit popular
Are there any upcoming concerts by U2?
set direction to central market
What are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox?
play Third Day
lessen the the light glow
Book for me an Uber taxi to Bardonia
PDA name: are you working for the NSA
What is the date Easter falls on?
Social media updates
nope, i think you have done a task in wrong manner.
you are helpful, thank you so much.
Tell me length and star ratings
which continent has highest growth of cotton and what is avg. production
Add Yoga class at noon to my schedule for the next three Sundays.
Play my favorite podcast, please.
Tweet this tweet ___________ and at this company
get me a stock price of audi.
When is the next warm day?
could you please confirm details.
Echo clean out my calendar delete everything.
yeah it's fantastic.
play cindi's favorite podcast
s2, i am not so clear about last sentence.
what is the best shop/restaurant around Angel
Do I have any new emails from Amazon?
you've done that correctly musch appreciated.
what is on my tv list?
what is the value of apple
slow rock it's ok
set a reminder for 12:30:  Meeting with the boss
Search and play the best of Mike Eden songs.
How many miles in 5 kilometers?
Is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
i can't understand your words.
Change the lights in the house to green.
Can you turn down the lights by 20%?
Where are
book a business class seat on the next train to new york city
tweet a discusted face about McDonalds
PDA, how is my schedule for the day?
List the games you can play with me.
make me a wake up alarm for 8:45am
Make a new alarm.
s1, please rephrase once again.
Only christian rock from 1990 upwards is to be selected and played
time zone between india and US
What is the bbc's latest news
What's 1 + 1?
Play the podcast named Ringcast
rowan atkinson bio
tweet complint to samsung
Please scan my social media and tell me what's happening.
Are you jealous of Siri's movie career?
remind me of location A on the date of X on calendar.
Lets play checkers
Open the weather app
show geographic details of piramids
Lesson the speaker volume
Do I have any emails from today?
Send e-mail to Jim's work e-mail
you have done it correctly thank you very much, olly.
play new bob dylan album
contacts please
Could you please create a new event on my calendar ?
Next event is canceled
i'd like you to check details please.
please change the command.
you did wonderful job, i appreciate it.
Turn off my bedside lamp, please
How do I cook a medium rare steak?
can you bring me a nice coffee
respond back to the mail
Delete my latest event.
Read me the latest New York Times headlines
remind me after a month
Alexa, I would like to know the best rating pubs in the local area
world/local news
In what year did George Bush become the president of United States
Make a new list of dog breeds.
Show me the alarms I set
Read out my to do list.
Is Mt. Everest the tallest mountain in the United States?
Play song next
can you speak the command spoke one more again please.
How is the weather where I am?
Make sure to call the babysitter for date night on Friday.
that doesn't matter with me.
Events, 6:45 today
turn up the lights
please retry.
How many miles from one end of the U.S to the other from East to West?
Is 21st of the week is Saturday?
Today's weather is awesome .
Can you list the stock on Sony
Olly make the lights brighter
Read all new emails please.
I want the speakers turned up high.
i want you check the last thing said please.
Notify me when this happens
show me some current events
Who is the artist that sings this song?
Play the last song from my most recent playlist.
Showcase the radio.
play news in fm
Tell me about my upcoming week
say again please.
do not really know.
nope, i think you made mistake, please correct this.
could you tell me one more again please.
Vacuum the carpet freshener from the carpet
TO COMPARE IN PEOPLE
Set this event on repeat on the calendar for the same day of the week this month.
Add to calendar October 1st at 2pm lunch with Ann.
Open email and send it to
PDA, When will you do my laundry?
Remove my dentist's appointment from today's schedule.
i need to hear your last message spoke again.
Increase volume by two levels
Turn off the wemo plug
How many more reminders are left?
send email too..
Do I need to do anything today?
PDA turn off the light
where does this friend live?
yes you have done that exactly.
Give me a geographic fact about...
that's excellent.
hot topic
Play volume 2 of Nutritional Facts
Am I having brunch with Sarah today?
Find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup.
shall I get an umbrella tomorrow?
I want to see each of my pending reminders.
play my favourite book .
i could not quite catch that.
What date is Easter Sunday this year?
How old is Joanne
would you say it once again.
how we can get credit
what is the current time in New York
could you speak it one more again please.
Turn up lights
hi google this song is too noisy
PLEASE PLAY THE LATEST SONG FROM THE ALBUM ABBAS.
What is the name of the artist that created this song?
it's useful, musch appreciated.
Set a timer for 5 minutes for cookies
Email Tom the date and time of tomorrow's meeting
What day does June 27th 2017 fall on this year?
i am not so clear about what you have just said.
What is the current song called?
just a joke here or there
Will the temperature stay about the same, or is it going to get colder?
Search for your favorite meal
Reset the alarm.
buying clothes
remind me for tomorrow interview
i am sorry but i think you did not interpret the request correctly.
say what i've just said one more again please.
What time is my meeting on Thursday?
Alexa, what information do you have on file in my information about Bill ?
Will I need sunblock this weekend?
open grubhub
Say a joke
Free up my schedule for the next week
Delete all the events from my calendar.
att
can you check and confirm it.
Send email to jack@gmail.com
what is the most densely populated country in the world?
i am fine
it was not so clear.
Send an email to c@emoteck.co
shit, that's not what i was searching for.
Mute the audio
do i have any emails from jo
Alexa play my second playlist.
have the roomba run the living room
where does john smith live and what is his phone number
you are the best, musch appreciated.
Show grocery list
What is the time difference between here and <insert city>
Olly book me a ticket to Paris on eurostar this weekend
ensure I have to get up at 6 in mornning
I need a train ticket to denver
Take me to Layfayette St and Canal.
Get me updates from Kenny's Facebook from the weekend
erase
latest instagram posts
Before this event set notification
Turn off the alarm for tomorrow morning
would not mind.
I would like to hear some Levin
PLEASE REMOVE THE APPOINTMENT WHICH I HAVE MADE WITH MR.JIM.
this does not really matter to me.
What time are my alarms?
How old was Albert Einstein when he came up with relativity theory?
Fine
i can't catch up with you.
Define logic
Temp Chennai
Light off
what should i wear to the beach
Is there anything new in my mailbox?
Can you play radio for me.
How many months in a year?
could you rephrase that further to me.
what's new in gaming industry?
wouldn't bother, olly.
Can you please advise?
If it's sunrise in Stockholm, what time is it in Okinawa?
it doesn't matter, olly.
that is all, just cancel it.
Create an alarm for 6am
The sun is shinning bright, will we have this weather for the rest of the day?
I need you to be quiet until tomorrow.
What is the time 9 AM CST in EST
Where is Obama from?
What day of the week does the 22nd fall on this Month?
Ok google, get me news on Trump.
you've got the answer perfectly.
thanks but i think you do not understand me.
Is it going to be cloudy or sunny today in Bangalore
get me takeaway food
Show me the current time.
Which desert is hottest?
Please sound an alarm three hours before a scheduled event.
Will the weather be bad on Sunday?
What an umbrella means?
I would like to hear some blues
Disable shuffle
cut red peppers from groceries
play the twilight book
PDA, what is the best Italian restaurant around here?
PDa, show me Chinese food near me
skip this song
Stop/Start the juice!
Let me know when it is 10:00.
Please describe this sunset for me.
please would you confirm detail.
you got me incorrect.
tell me why bill bur is a better comedia than iliza schleshinger PDA.
What type of weather can I expect today?
what is your age
send email to my uncle about situation of current weather.
Is my alarm set for 7:00 am?
How many Fridays are there in May?
show me my social media notifications
please again explain your response.
I need to have better focus Olky, I couldn't concentrate on a single task.
go to favourite list
Today is my husbands birthday.
Give me weather condition of Manhattan
Alexa, I want to check Julia's available dates, so would you send her mail and ask about it?
todays date
I went to the store
Weather forecast for this week
yes right response to the command.
what is the distance from some particular place
would you again clarify me on it.
Tell me when I get new emails from Principal Lowry.
Explain to me about what different countries are represented in the Book of Revelation
what is the price of the US dollar vs Canadian dollar
correct response to the command.
your response was not clear.
Did Bert write me today?
don't really mind for whatever.
wait, this is not the right command.
describe blanket
mark 13 october of this year as my birthday
shit, you've done that wrong.
Echo, remove my work alarm
Turns my son's room lights off.
yes you have got my instructions perfectly.
Remove the list called Party Time
Add girls night out to my calendar
I like my PDA to know if there's a promo or discount in the mall or any shop/store.
find me someone (at least as attractive as me) to have sex with
its ok
what is new news for today
Show all the lists that are available in detail
What time will I arrive home if I take this train
that is cool, thanks, olly.
set the default audio setting
Tell me what a freeway is
Can you tell me how much one dollar in the US is in Mexico?
Is it raining outside?
what is the hobby of ajay devgn
any one is okay.
play snake with me
Define the moon for me.
Remind me of my meeting on Wednesday at 9 am.
i am sorry but i think you don't get the response right.
Open email for unread mails
check the weather app to see if
yeah you've got command perfectly.
Can you let me know when it's 2:00?
train schedule
tell me the current meetings .
It's Lee's birthday on 22 June.
have no idea, olly.
What will be the highest temperature this week.
switch off the light
Set an alarm for Thursday at 7 PM.
get me rate eur/usd yesterday
Go back to the last episode in this podcast.
Add email address iamironman@gmail.com
Send me a reminder of my meeting with Tom next Friday
Turn on Wemo.
How old is Tony Bennett?
Start a  takeaway order for me.
will you shut off please.
Please book a ticket on train no:xxx using my debit card
s1, please explain once again.
uhh no, i think got me not right.
Save new email addresses to my contacts.
incorrect command.
I would like to order takeaway.
will it snow this month ?
s1, please will you clarify more on your answers.
I need you to add this email in my contacts
Open news
Start Cnady Crush.
Turn it up, Olly!
New e-mail from mom?
What are the train times at Millenium Station departing toward Indiana today
Light up the lights in the kitchen
Does contact Mona has an email as well?
definition of velocity
Have any jokes?
Mute speaker
that is cool, musch appreciated.
Please open my music application and play Games by Disturbed
How would you describe head cheese?
play newest reason podcast
explain it further please.
Show all the received emails recently with timestamp
hey olly, I missed you
PDA, whats it like outside?
olly turn on some rap music
will it be hot?
how's it going?
Deadpool
Start vacuuming now, please.
When is the last departing train from Boston, Massachusetts.
What's the weather forecast this week?
Is Fox News reporting any breaking news at this time?
How many times was Richard Nixon married?
Evaluate today's schedule
How many cups are in a gallon?
play new gaga playlist
I want to tweet to Folgers about bugs in my coffee.
could you rephrase me about this further please.
Send the following Email to bro Hi come down for dinner tonight
you are my hero, thank you, olly.
good response to the command.
Turn the playlist of all my favorite pop songs of 2017.
set on 22nd march badminton match in merita square
Tell me popular phrases in Spanish.
Please remove this event from my calender
Hey Google, what time does the DART Orange Line leave for West Plano?
what does my schedule look like today
Reply to the email received from Mark
what is going on in Milwaukee
cut off the bathroom lights
May I know what is trending in Facebook?
Play some boy band music.
play some David bowie
remove all alarms
Open fishdom game
Is there bad traffic on the highway right now?
HELLO, WHAT TIME IT IS NOW?
find me the song currently palying
uh no, you don't understand what i am searching for.
What is the time now in San Diego?
Please dim the lights in the bedroom.
thanks but i think you messed up my command.
no, it is not what i was looking for.
My day was stressful
Remove my list of contacts from work
Alexa, which is the smallest island in the world?
Please mute the sound.
first week of march meetings
Are there any new emails yet?
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of survey?
Do you know if there is any rain today
please can you cancel.
Play all songs by Martina McBride.
play spotify playlsit blank
Call me a taxi Olly.
recipe please
Find a train going from Prague to Brno
direction to local train station
What is the time in the Pacific time zone at this very moment?
Make the bedroom lights light blue
Tune in to Ryan Seacrest on the living room radio
could you check and confirm what said.
i think it's not the right answer.
Tell me when will indias economy touch that of Americas.
Can you tell me the time?
check my agenda for today
Start radio, channel 88.9
whatever is okay for me.
turn off lights of kitchen
you are so helpful, thank you.
Turn up the lights in the living room
read mail
Play me some music
delete apples from my shopping list
What's the time in New york?
What has happened recently in the world?
The meaning of life.
that is all, just stop.
Go to my favorite radio channel.
confirm what just said please.
Did I leave myself any reminders?
How many contacts are there named John.
Please don't tell me it's going to rain on Sunday!
From now on mute
whats the current time at newyork.
How tall are giraffes?
How do you solve 3-2?
I would like it if my PDA could engage in deep conversation with me.
How to make fried rice?
Pleae play Huey Lewis all titles.
Can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week?
mute for 1 hour
i am sorry but i think you messed up.
What day and time is the Acme meeting in San Diego, California?
Tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today.
Play favourite music
Please remove the parent/teacher conference scheduled on March 7.
I am super stressed because of work.
Ok Google, what is a Ferrari?
How is the traffic presently near Central park road.
What's the rate between the USD and Ukraine's currency.
Play Let me love you by Ariana Grande
Tell me my latest email
Turn on the tunes.
Brighten living room lights
i would like to hear what you have just said again.
olly stop please.
Do I have any lists?
sorry but i think you messed up.
Play for me the album by The Beatles on television
Add eggs to my grocery list.
Turn up speakers
MAKE A NOTE THAT I NEED TO CALL JANE LATER
What time is it in Las vegas
Cortana, what are the most recent headlines on CNN?
do I have any notifications from social media
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHICH TIME WILL BE THE BEST TIME FOR  ME TO DATE MY LOVER.
PDA: Jump to the next podcast
What items did I plan to buy?
excellent job, you did well.
will you check and confirm last thing said.
menu
Play Ella Fitzgerals Get Happy
Turn on my playlist and play third song in the queue.
Remind me every Monday to take out the trash
Check time of kalka train From jodhpur station on monday
Play all by the Beatles
oh it's wonderful.
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
Play I am a survivor by destiny's child.
Try following these steps to select the correct answer
Create a new event every friday at noon
please do not answer
shit, not correct response.
Add my spin class to the calendar for Saturday at 7am
Show me the best podcast of rock songs having good rating.
Please turn the volume to the loudest setting.
reminder set
Anything on your mind.
How's the weather in the capital city?
Set a reminder alert for Saturday 9:00 a.m. towards payment of electricity bill.
What are the results of the election?
remind me in time to do thing
i appreciate it, it's awesome.
olly, look up beyonce wikipedia
Is it possible for you to provide the likes of my music
hi, please remind the next meeting with my boss It will be at 11 am next monday
what is the dollar exchange rte
Find the recipe for sambar in cookingforu application
Please play my Top Music playlist.
Headline news for Texas
speak what you've said once again.
kung fu panda 3
Update by telling it
Ask if deliver
Play today's podcast from The Mix.
Reply to the email received from Jennifer
Open podcast player
Olly I need to know if I have any new reminders?
can you remind me to go to dentist appointment one day before?
Remove Thursday's lunch from my calendar.
play audiobook of arijit singh
Play Neil Sedaka.
Send an email to peter that where he is now and if he is at the market text him to bring some wine.
cook some coffees
Hey olly play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
Can you please tell me the time?
What's going on at the capitol?
that was useful,.
Delete next event on my calendar
Go fetch all the lists from the notes app.
google
What's shakin' bacon?
i would not really mind to choose any one, olly.
thanks but it was not the right answer.
post in tweeter my vist to japan
turn off lights in bathroom
How long should you cook a whole chicken in a 375 degree oven?
cnn
What is 10 divided by 5
that is right.
What is a torque wrench?
Alarm set 8 am
email notifications
PDA please order me this months groceries
How many new emails since I last checked?
show me the direction of this location.
check if default alarm is set
it was nice job, thank you so much.
please book the next taxi
Tweet the following:  DirecTv has horrible customer service.
Remove my reminder for the meeting today at 1:00 PM.
In delhi traffic level too high
PDA please look up best recipes
s1, rephrase me further on what you have said.
I would like this alarm permanently removed
dammit, you gave me not right information.
this is not clear.
i didn't say that.
setting repeating event in calendar
where do you work
Add to my reminders to watch new movie today at 9pm
Play next episode of this podcast
could you say the sentence spoken once again please.
temperature above avarage for this season
Please add an event to my calendar.
PDA name: whats the meaning of life
Please check and tell me where is the location of Toms new business.
PDA, Lets send a tweet
Notify me of breaking news on CNN.
get large pizza with pepperoni
ah that's perfect work.
Ok Google, how are stocks for Google
Define diverse?
Give me the latest news
Remind me 8'O clock that i have a event
check and confirm the details please.
Is there any new email?
Breaking news Fox News
change the lights to a different hue
have no idea for what to choose.
what is on event calendar for today
Find me Mexican dinner recipes.
Hey, Its too hot outside. What is the temperature this afternoon?
Text Sarah if she is free for brunch today.
What was the scores between OKC and DEN?
Please male the smart socket turn off
can you please please reply for that mail
delete item on list
What dairy product contains several nutrients?
Olly, are there any events on my calendar for this week?
How many hours difference is there between London and New York?
Olly play music from my fav pianist
Are there any emails from the school about my conference?
Tweet a complaint to Donald Trump about his horrible performance
play my mashup
Anything i need to know?
Send reply to email
Is there any news about the presidency?
Is Wyatt's birthday party at 10pm?
Have a moan at Easyjet
I want a reminder that repeats every week.
How big is the Empire State Building?
Olly, please make me a coffee using the coffe machine
yes correct response.
sorry but that was not the right command.
yeap the command was exact.
Could you play this song closer from the album chainsmokers?
make an alarm for fridays meeting at 10am
Display my list
meeting with Love the next day
Up the brightness on these lights.
what is a work phone number of Emilia?
clear my calendar of all events
how much is 100 American dollers worth in England
Olly I need a ticket for a train ride to atlanta
yeah excellent.
Who invented you?
i would like the house lights to be pink
thanks but you don't instruction the request correctly.
Please feed that I have meeting at 5 PM.
Name the artist who sang Hotel California.
what reminders do i have currently
My mother wants to know what the weekly weather will be like send her an email.
Set calendar reminder for noon titled lunch meeting
What is 6-4?
what are the events
if there news about u.p politics.what is that.
Please tell me what a crankshaft is?
Tell me about my day
Where was Brittany Spears born?
Remove item 3
BBC World Headlines
Please remove the KICKBALL list from my contacts grouping.
will you once again clarify to me please.
yes fantastic.
Please play the next episode
thanks for the information.
Radio on
Start the pop radio station
i don't really know.
Tell me the date of inauguration of my friend Sams business
What are they saying about Donald Trump on Fox
I cup of Joe would be nice right now, Olly
what's my favorite music at the moment?
Practical Driving Assessment
please will you say it again.
What is the location of...
PDA name: post my latest entry to twitter @nsa
Pull up lights control.
Olly, how much is one dollar in pounds?
Are there unread emails from mom?
save the new list
What's happening at the library this month?
who is the singer
don't mind to select any one, olly.
Please see if Chili's has delivery.
Read me today's news from Polk County, Florida.
alexa put sam@gmail.com in my email contacts list.
Just let me know whether today it will be sunny
I will require full cover jacket if it is too stormy in evening
5:00
send a confirmation email to sandy
Turn the lights off
Knock, knock.
can not get last sentence.
thank you very much for listening.
please elaborate that once again.
i'm sorry.
Are there any latest news?
Which song am I listening to right now?
please can you say it once again.
How many ounces is in a quart?
please can you once again elaborate me on this.
Are there any alarms set right now?
Remember dinner on Thursday at Bistro Italia.
describe a starfish alexa
let us try the sentence you said once more.
record the radio program
REPLAY THE MUSICS
Are there any status updates on Fox News Facebook page?
Start the robot vacuum cleaner at 1pm today.
Cortana, search my calendar for my next event and notify me before it occurs.
make curser adjustable position
Start Sirius XM radio channel
Add work email address
what is the currency conversion charges applicable.
oh it is nice one, olly.
Did I set an alarm to wake up in the morning
you are helpful,, olly.
ny stock
Do you want to play?
May you please pull up information about a contact?
When can i pick up my chinese food?
thanks but i think that was not the correct command.
What is the date for next Tuesday?
stop and start over.
have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
tell me the current dollar ratio for the US and Canada
Activate coffee machine.
could you try again.
how do you get?
ah it is excellent.
olly please would you stop.
Brighten lights
i think you've done a task in wrong manner.
s2, can not get your response.
What is the weather like tomorrow?
give me contact mail id
Next I want to listen 'I really like you'.
Let me hear some pop music or a song
Add my car payment on the 12th in my calendar.
What important dates are there in my calendar this month?
Send me an alert and hour before my next appointment.
Am I free on x day?
Skip song  continue playlist.
How many euros is 1 dollar?
hi buddy send mail to my friend hellen regarding home builders are not accepted the offer
wake me up at 5am this week
Olly, does Chinese deliver?
Prepare a cup of coffee.
Describe headset
I would like my PDA to Feed and Pet my dog when I'm not home
Did Tracy update her Facebook status today?
I want 5 hours freed up for Jenn's birthday this Saturday
check inbox for mail from X
your response is incorrect.
please make coffee
whats a good joke?
can you check my last question.
bring up my agenda
cancel the event 'valentine's day' from the calender
turn <unk> on
who did I get email from today?
do I need to carry sunglasses outside
sorry but i think you are not right.
Create reminder for meeting in two hours.
show bbc report on migration
set alarm for 9am
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
If I go outside, will I need a hat and gloves?
get me new difintion.
Play some music from metal genre
I would like to have a sushi, can you order me a lunch?
play my recently downloaded songs
add contacts n mail
Price
I have a meeting tomorrow morning at 10:00, please remind me.
Send email to Anthony.
send an email to john (body)
Check for all emails from Tom Brady
I need to turn on the plug in my office for my computer.
Can you tell me what solution can we do to solve the climate change?
Remove the next event on my calender
what time is it in the east
Play music by that artist.
Does love equal sex?
what is the u.s. dollar exuivalent of 1 euro
PDA please define this
Remove all the events from calendar
AAJ BAHUT HI GARMI HAI, HAI KI NAHIN ?
Could you please set an alarm at 6 am?
Compare price of  a audio device from all websites with free shipping?
Please play Leviathan
brighten  of lights in living room
Repeat this list in random order
Tweet Target about how poorly their service was
Hello, I want to turn off my wemo plug,
PDA, how many calories did I burn with my 50 minutes of yoga?
Please turn on the radio.
put monday meeting on calandar ever monday
Find a debate about schools in UK
show weather
by remote sensor
Start my favorites playlist.
Remind me the meeting with Allen on 15th match
please remind me of going to gym every Monday morning on Sunday night
When i will get the delivery.
Give me the WSJ news
i think that's not the right command.
PLEASE SET ALARM FOR ALL DAYS
crack a joke
please clarify me more on this.
What's the email address of Silvia?
Do I have an Amazon list saved?
s1, explain me more on what you have said.
would you further rephrase me about your words.
what is definition of plot
PDA turn off the office lights
Where was Marlon Brando born?
is it currently raining?
What is the composition of our nails?
What is a good movie to see right now
would you just stop it please.
can you clarify more on what you've said to me please.
Read me sports news from NYT
what is the exchange rate from ENglish currency to Yen
PDA: Make the bedroom lights red and the hall lights normal color, please
Add my co worker, Ann to submit project for work on Tuesday.
Plaease play forward episode in quantico.
Do I have any time free on Tuesday for a 2 hour meeting with Ken?
did not get what you said now.
i just want to be you friend
s1, could you please rephrase me more on what you said.
i am sorry but i think this was not the right command.
Is soft cheese better than hard?
Reply to Jason's email with the response 6:30
Use in a sentence.
please let us try what you've said one more time again.
open radia
using my apps
please will you do it again.
What are my reminders for today?
Please make coffee at 7:00 AM
Add this song to my favorite list
What is the weather at home
Set an alarm for time
Please add smurfette@gmail.com to my email contacts.
Play Lady GaGa
what is the current pacific time
lets get a taxi!
Are there any events going on in Milan?
info on lisa ann please
alexa lest play chess
Find me the current weather condition.
please tell me it one more again.
user friendly
Create vacation list
Give me the birth date of Mahatma Gandhi
Start a reply to Marleen's most recent email.
Ask them to remember always to lock the door and keep a careful watch on their keys.
email gary
Tell Apple in a tweet that their batteries don't hold enough charge
Is there anything exciting on twitter today?
Hey PDA, Send email to...
JAZZ could be choice for me
Tell me important news today
hmm, i think you did task in wrong manner.
Add apahelp@yahoo.com to my contacts.
What are the steps for biriyani meal
I am bored
Good evening
any good drama released recently in the cinema?
Do I need to wear a coat tomorrow when I leave for work?
stop that that's not what i want.
I need an alarm set for 8am
PLEASE SET ALARAM TO MY MOBIL PHONES
Ill take my coffee, black Olly.
How many GBP can I get for one dollar?
Tell me who wrote this song
Olly, alert me at ten a.m., please.
Please turn off any lights that are still on.
What's the news?
Power off/on!
Please set my coffee machine to start at x time?
What is thE worlds record for the longest head of hair
What time is it in London right now?
Noodles 1 pack, Make it as takeaway
What is on the agenda for today?
it seems like your command you have gotten is not right.
did apple stocks go up or down
i want you to check what i just said please.
play soft instrumental songs
Google search, booking train ticket
Order a pizza with sausage from Domino's
Weight loss
Can you save this song to my favorites?
if a pencil cost 4$ and a book cost 10$, how much i should pay if i buy 2 pencil and 3 book ?
back one episode
Tell me about my schedule for the next month.
play my favorite game.by name xxxxx
Oll
Olly, turn on kiss 107FM radio
Please play rock music.
i would like you to check and confirm the details please.
What does Priyanka Chopra do to look beautiful.
Set a reminder for an hour from now about the chickens
Pleae play me the Madonna song again
check for the quality of the colors
Transform into a woman.
What's happening tonight in Chicago?
How much is 1 INR to USD?
PDA, open hershey twitter
uhh no, wrong.
Please tell me about relationship
What movies has Emma Watson acted in ?
Turn off the smart plug
your answers was not so clear.
What's the latest Trump controversy?
go to the event year and  delete
Any new mail since last time
stock details
Is there Christmas on 22nd.
would you please confirm my last command.
yeah get it perfectly.
Take off this list
Can I get delivery from here?
yes you've understood my instructions exactly.
Is the city cheaper or costlier to live
Let me know the time of the train to New York
I want you to remind me the next meeting with my girlfriend, it will be at 8 pm next sunday
cancel my birthday party
exchange rate of yan with dollar
could you replay please.
Please change the house lights to blue
delete grocery shopping from my Saturday schedule
I want to add an event to my calendar
Send email to new contact
local market
Remind me about the meeting tomorrow at 6
Is Keith Richards dead?
What is happening today between 3 and 4pm?
What are my tasks?
What do you know about America
set a consumer service complain
Tell me the latest news from BBC sports
vaccation
hmm, you gave me not correct information.
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
Find places to eat near my home.
Play some calming music for me
would not care.
Play the next part in this series
Where is located the biggest waterfall in the world?
Is it going to rain?
unread emails
you've done the command right.
Reply to all
Olly, I have a doctor's appointment at 2pm today.
Do I have a home number for Shelly?
Is Texas the biggest state in the United States?
Tell me this song
is there any event related to sports in gandhi maidan
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
Order me a Byron from Deliveroo
Clear all events from my calendar.
Hey Siri, inform me about latest picture updated by Priya Chopra on instagram
thank you for the response, olly.
Tell me what job I should take
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
please modify the wrong command.
turn on when plugged in else turn off
Set up each <day>> at <time> for
Can you play my music file?
Please put meeting with <insert name> at <insert time> on <insert date> on my calendar
Quiet please.
open jazz
Order one coffee to Starbucks coffee shop
please read me my alarms
Take me to emails from my boss.
Go to Stripes at 5pm on 3 April.
play a genre of music
Olly, tweet Apple that the iPhone doesn't work.
i'd like to hear again.
What's the temp in  Flint, MI?
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
adjust media volume up
goddammit.
Please empty my calendar.
clear all events in calender for March
Search to find current local time and time zone?
How much Philippine peso do I need to make $50?
this is of no importance with me, olly.
What exhibits or shows are scheduled at the Metropolitan Theater?
you did amazing work, musch appreciated.
How long does it take to make vegetable lasagna?
your answers was not clear to me.
what does lady gaga like to eat
Play ... podcast
I want to add something to my calendar.
Can you please check my gmail for new messages?
I am really craving for chinese food right now. Please let me order take out.
can you explain string theory to me
you did nice job, musch appreciated.
I want to tweet a complaint about my truck to Consumer Digest.
Turn on the Wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
I can't see anything
would you check what just said please.
Play only classical music
What is the factorial of (9/3)?
What time zone is Arizona in?
Will it be nice outside this week?
I am going to need  sunglasses this morning?
check that please.
How many items are on my to do list?
Please send an email to my son regarding the payment of the fees
thanks for your response.
that was cool,, olly.
Book me a train ride covering 5 destinations to see in New York
What is Mary S's birthday?
open radio frequency 99.5
Set up an event recurring throughout the month.
tell me background family of selena gomez
how to make cheescake
Show me nearby musical events
choose calender
What is the US dollar and Euro exchange rate.
i think olly's answer is not right.
book an uber to LA cinemas in one hour
What is the time in clock
PDA, I want to know what the latest news
remind me of mondays meeting
Olly, cut down the volume.
Tell me quotes that have to do with love
Play my most listened songs
PDA send email to comcast that their service sucks.
Did I get an email from Jen last night?
s1, would you please explain more on your words.
tell funny things
Where can i find kids free deals on saturdays?
No lights
you've done it right thank you very much, olly.
that's helpful,.
what are the oil prices like today for a barrel of crude oil?
would you check the details please.
Is the meeting with Julie at 3 pm on Wednesday?
What is the weather for this week?
this does not really matter.
Can you send an email for me to a new email address?
explain how USA social status differs from the one in the UK, now and in the past
Remove my earliest alarm for tomorrow.
Set an alarm for 9 AM.
meeting ___ set reminder
My all time favorite song is something like this from chain smokers
Complain to McDonalds twitter about my burger
confirm the question please.
Please check on the rock concerts scheduled this weekend
Play Jazz music
olly would you just stop.
olly, play next recording
Initiate cleaning process
wonderful.
it's perfect work, thank you so much.
find chicken tikka recipe
How can I hibernate like a bear?
Tell me about India location
Remind me 30 minutes early that I have a teleconference on Tuesday
through mobile phones
tell me joe joe's home address
PDA, please change the lighting to blue.
Design the chemical compounds necesary to create sugar that doesn't cause diabetes or weight gain, but doesn't provide a chemcial taste.
i think that's not the correct response.
Olly remind me my mom's birthday a week before
shit, you gave me wrong information.
What is the outcome of blank today?
Schedule a meeting with Al on Tuesday
add email to contacts
What is the name of the desert in Arizona?
Change lights from red to blue
you are my hero, thank you.
uh no, i think you've done the task wrong.
make this a bit louder
What is the exchange rate of currency in UK
hey PDA turn up the lights a little
yes strongly agreed.
Please send Dad an email asking about the weather in New Jersey.
When is my meeting with Human Resources?
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train?
What hour is it in New York now?
check the last thing i said please.
could you check it please.
What did my wife leave to be done?
could you again rephrase me about your words.
PLEASE TELL ME WHEN IS THE BIRTHDAY PARTY OF JENNY?
book xy resume
thank you very much for that information.
PDA, I'd like a train ticket to this location.
Does Fongs do carry out?
Open calendar, add event, meeting, invite Bill, Malinda
Can you take off the next event on my calendar
clean my calender
retry what you've just said please.
Respond to my bosses email with the word that I will be in at 4 in the evening.
replay what said please.
How about the latest news.
Completely clear my calendar please.
Up the volume, the sound is too low
does not really matter.
let's start over please.
i want to know about this song
What is the value of stock per share of Best Buy?
Open Google Calendar. In the My calendars section, click the down arrow that appears when you hover over your calendar, and select Reminders and notifications from the drop-down.
Create new meeting event at 2 pm
Are there any good pizza places around here?
Tell me what's happening this week.
Clear my day on the 29th.
Change my house lights colour to blue
What is the current time in Lagos, Nigeria.
i didn't say this.
Can you please off the light?
PDA I am going to work today.
Where is the Bolshoi Theatre located?
Read me some more Deadly Death Killers.
ah that's perfect job, olly.
anything is fine.
write a tweet of complaint about my TV to Samsung
please rephrase more on what you just said now.
What will the weather be like in Oklahoma City on Monday
Let me know about the stock rate of a Micro soft
make light color red
What are you doing PDA?
add to calendar and repeat
where is the meeting tomorrow at 4pm
i am sorry but that's not the right response.
whats going on on fb
please arrange to make all lights to show  brighter
PDA, report the concert lineup with start times.
Tell me all the distance locations and times
hmm, you didn't understand what i requested.
I don't have enough money to buy the Nintendo Switch right now, can you please remove it on my Amazon Wishlist?
How much does the average car weigh?
What's new on Facebook?
please would you cancel.
nope, i think you messed up.
Does that restaurant allow take-out orders?
What days do I have booked?
What was the weather for the week
What are the latest tweets from the new york times
hey, put carrots on that.
What is the traffic condition of Florida?
Turn off all the lights in the living room and den
would you tell me what said one more time.
What is there to do here?
i am sorry but that's incorrect answer.
Unlist the meeting on 4th October, 12 pm
Turn up the lights in here, please.
Give me the alarm times for the next two days.
post 'hey everyone' on FB
Add soup to my shopping list.
I need an email to be sent to comcast.com about my service issues.
uh no, that isn't what i requested.
Check my E-mail inboxes and tell me about new mails.
synonyms
Schedule brunch at 10 am today and invite Tiffany and Jessica please.
Play the next episode of Drunks and Dragons, please.
Olly, how much meat should I buy to serve 10 people?
What is the weather in Columbus?
where is the party?
PDA find and read to me world events happening today
Get me Tom's number
send a mail to whom to talk
Please what is the current time in Paris?
Do I need to wear a coat?
will you please rephrase me further on that.
repeat jazz
when the birthday will be
Add event with .. and ..
If it's 5 am in Berlin, what time is it here?
could you clarify me on your response once again.
What do you look like?
If I have fifty dollars and spend twenty four, how many dollars will I have left?
what a sunny day.
Friendship
Remind me everyday at 5am.
Remove the fundraiser for dolphines in April.
remember <unk>
Which is the next event coming up?
let's try the words one more time again please.
sorry but it was not correct.
oh no, you've done a task in wrong manner.
s1, would you explain me about what you have just said once again.
Did I have any plans later on tonight at 8pm?
What is the chance of rain today
once again explain me on that please.
hey reply a mail which i received
What kind of musical events are happening around here this week?
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
Please compain that my mobile is in the service centre for too long.
add this event with this people
Physical education drill Marilyn
How do I braise a pork loin?
Turn off the bathroom lights
What's the time of day right now?
Remove all scheduled events on my calendar please.
Which languages are the most popular in America right now?
can you please check my last question.
please will you speak once again.
Let me listen to my Top Rock Songs playlist.
what are the news update on BBC
Should I dress in layers today?
I want the room to be less bright
What's the time in Tampa?
PDA, turn on the radio to kiss fm.
what is the current central time
Tell me the recipe for yellow rice
Whats going on today
you are hero, i appreciate it, olly.
what next?
What is the definition of succinct?
Show me timetables for trains going from Prague to Brno
Switch off the wemo plug socket.
PDA: I need a good chick-flick, any thoughts?
thank you for doing it, olly.
actually what is the life style of sahara desert
Restart audiobook.
New reminder at 3pm
What is this thing?
May 2 is Mary's birthday
I had a problem with my burger can you tweet BK
PDA: Add this channel to Pandora
Olly make my coffee
it's fantastic job, appreciated.
that's all, just cancel it.
how do you make steel?
please remind me 1 hour before the meeting I hace tomorrow morning
i think you made mistake.
Am I off work on Memorial Day?
PDA, What is a good place for cruise
s1, can you please rephrase this further.
Resume the girl on the train on Audible
What is the weather going to be like this week.
olly will you stop please.
What is the exchange rate between the US and Canada?
excellent response to the command.
could you please check and confirm instruction.
Open Google Keep
PLEASE BOOK A TAXI FOR ME TO GO TO THE RAILWAY STATION.
what will the weather be on friday
I like music from when I was a teenager in the 80's.
PDA what time is the Cantonese Dog Festival?
play songs by barenaked ladies
plas kids songd
appreciate your helping.
How long do elephants live?
I was chased by a dog
what is a googleplex?
Let's hear the news from CNN.
doesn't really matter to me, olly.
Please put the following event in my calendar on this date, and then place it in the calendar every week thereafter.
put a repeating event on the calendar
convert 21:30 from GTM 4:00 to GMT 4:30
clarify me about what you've just said once again please.
Open Derek's contact information
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar?
play a random song from my playlist.
i was not so clear about this.
Please set the lights off in the living room.
Pull up Kate's email and write that I will let her know.
Power up the vacuum.
Enter Mary's birthday party with the family on February 22nd.
i'd like you confirm that please.
Find out if The Olive Garden will let me do takeaway.
uh no, it isn't what i am looking for.
could you please check and confirm the detail.
12AM REMOVED 2PM SET
Play for me the Game Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Recommend a movie for me.
Please change light color to purple.
Play Dr. Demento on my bedside radio.
Any new emails?
Please cancel the next event on the calendar
Decrease, 20%
Check to see if my mom sent me any emails.
Olly, where's the closest zoo to where I'm at?
Recommend a movie which is released last Friday
What does Schadenfraude mean?
Will there be any 70 degree days next week?
Lights down
s2, i was not so clear about your answer.
Remind me to go to the store every friday
wonderful job, you've done well.
play song number
will you turn the alarm off for me?
if I have $20 in japanese money what does it equal to in american currency alexa
Please check email from my boss
what is glass made of?
Place order for usual burritto at Chipolte
Tell me the weather for the following the month
Let Wendy's know I hate them
play closer music track
what you said now was not clear.
where is the Grand Canyon
How many bots are in a dollar
olly could you please shut up.
Can you show me all of the emails from my favorites list?
Is it hot outside right now im Hawaii.
Are there any available train tickets to reserve?
Play the song Get happy by Ella Fitzgeral
what's the best podcast
thanks but you don't get the answer correctly.
i think it's not the correct command.
Play the last hit song of Metallica last album, please
Please tell me the latest news
Google, What are the basic things humans need?
Update my status.
COULD YOU GIVE ME THE EXACT RATE FOR DOW NIFTY FUTURES.
Play the radio.
Alexa, lights down to 7
right response.
Any new email from John?
Who is the songwriter?
Do I have a meeting on Saturday March 25th?
who is X
do you want to be human
forex rates
listen to npr radio
olly shut up please.
What does my schedule look like after 3 p.m. today afternoon?
that's amazing.
attend party before the meeting
Prepare a cup of coffee for me.
Change the station to 82.4
s2, i didn't catch up with you.
Show me new emails from my inbox.
please elaborate more on your response.
PDA, what's a wicker chair?
Hey, tell me more about my meetings today
whats a silly joke you know?
explain to fellow tweeters how horrible their customer service is at the local store
set a reminder about tomorrows meeting at 9am
remove 'father's day' from calender
Status of my inbox.
What restaurants around here have good reviews?
Have I received any emails from dave about the new client?
please once again elaborate me on your answers.
you did your understanding exactly.
play country radio
shit, i think incorrect command.
Turn down the volume
get the status posted for the following:
What's my calendar today
Read the ticket for Tesla
Will I need my heavy coat after lunch today?
set an event 'happy birthday john' to repeat on 21-Jan-2017
play music from my favorite pandora artist station
Is it colder than yesterday?
What time is it in Moscow now?
it is unimportant with me.
i would not really mind for anything.
Alexa, I want this event to be reminded throughout this month
i was not so clear about that.
Add payday to my calendar for every other Thursday.
Get in touch with (insert)
What's Trump been on about this week?
yeap good response to the command.
Resume playing the current audiobook.
would you check and confirm the details please.
Yes, I want to know latest news updates.
Is there any train ticket availabl?
Can I have today's date?
Give me the time in London
what is worth doing around here.
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep.
Remind me of my appointment on the 15th.
Please remind me to go to the post office.
Tweet a complaint about more electricity bill this month
what's the time in hong kong
Ok Google, I want listen to Kevin and Bean
Task, meeting
Is Halloween on a Friday this year?
News articles
let's try it one more time again.
I really enjoyed sunny day today
Have I gotten any emails from Amazon in the last two days?
Set the mood, please.
Is this shop is good or bad
Let's play a game
Please check the weather in Kansas
What time am I supposed to pick up John again?
Please reply to my most recent email.
Is it going to rain this week?
Olly make coffee at 6am
Program coffee machine to brew coffee in 2 minutes.
PDA check someones recent emails
i want to hear <unk>
sorry but i think that's not right.
you have done that correctly thank you very much, olly.
PLease continue reading audiobook
Add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday.
Tell me updates
oops, you're not correct.
tweet complaint to amazon products
you have done that right thank you.
What is the mass of a microwave
google maps
i think your command is not correct.
Give me a good playlist
Delete the Famous Actors list.
i think incorrect.
What's in my inbox since we last looked?
Please update my grocery list with1 gallon of 2% milk.
please would you tell me one more time again.
please would you reset that.
What is the time difference between California and Michegan?
i can't quite catch up with you.
Send wedding invites to all wedding party.
Olly, are there concerts this weekend in Chicago?
you are awesome, thank you very much, olly.
Book a training ticket from Baltimore Maryland to New York New York
Olly, I had the worst day ever today.
Find a train ticket to Philadelphia.
Play a jazz music
fix the driving route from here to grant market
Is Trump tweeting today?
SHARE IN FRIENDS POST
Please play any song by Lady Gaga.
i want you to confirm it please.
During the daytime all lights has to be turned off.
Give me the opening stock price of Acer computers
Hey Google, what time does the TRE train go to Fort Worth this afternoon?
How old is morgan freeman
Is there any new news on Trump?
Get rid of everything on my calendar
What is (9+4/5-3)^10?
Vacuum the kitchen
Prepare coffee now
Siri, cancel alarms
Remove the grocery list from my active lists.
Define Love
Tell me about this song.
I need to reply to this email.
How have Megatel shares done last week?
Tell me how to cook meatballs
Can you turn on country music?
Ok Google, what was the stock price for Google yesterday
Remove birthday event from my calendar
Set reminder for noon to get lunch with boss
reply email received
Olly, open spotifiy and open 'workout'
What are the current stocks for Yahoo?
How has your day been today?
Did I set reminder for tomorrow meeting at 5 pm?
remove birthday from calendar
I want purple lights.
please run the vacuum
whats the date today
How much sugar goes in sweet tea?
Alexa, update the calendar with the last event removed
nearest way to return home
doesn't really matter with me.
Anything unique to do in the city today?
Down the valume
post a status 'Happy birthday mom' on FB
check what just said please.
turn on socket
find gluten free bakery near me
Please play only Sonu nigam's Song.
what is the status quo for traffic right now
Alarm Status
Add to Instagram:
Tune into 99.5 FM.
Start the radio now
can you explain once again.
put a new mail
Tell me what my next events are?
tune into the nearest English fm station
Tweet Comcast to say their service is down.
show time in mumbai
decrease the volume
i do not mind to select any one, olly.
whats on my agenda for the time being
Show me rediff masala
Let's play 90s music hits
hi, how are you doing today?
Lower your volume please.
do I have anywhere to be between 8am and 5pm today
what is jeff's number
Trump
can you tell me one more time again.
Play This American Life on the kitchen radio
that's helpful, i appreciate it.
send an invitation email to marilia
Could you tell me the meaning of the word exorbitant
thank you so much for answers.
Please check third event of 22/03/2017
Search the album name with Katy Perry.
Have you heard any good music lately
give me the list of circus shows going on in the city right now
Do deletion of next calendar event
Tell me more about the scheduled events
olly's response was wrong.
things to do in my area
please will you shut off.
what is current time?
Change the lights in the living room to green and red.
Start radio
Can you make it a little quieter?
Learn my consciousness so well I could go on living in PDA form after I die.
you've got my instructions exactly.
elaborate me about your answers further.
go to calendar
Read the latest news stories
Have I recieved any new emails?
Olly, will you mark that I am busy for an event tomorrow at 2 pm?
For the next month how many meeting days available do I have that are convenient for me
tell interesting news
set alarm for morning 6
Is snap doing good after the IPO?
I have a meeting, set a reminder for 4/9
What is the best way to cook pasta al dente?
Do you think it's going to rain tommorow?
Please record what I have said about this song.
Give me low lighting in the kitchen
Check emails from mom
Please see if the restaurant Chili's has delivery as an option?
Put me down as busy on my calendar from 2-3 pm on Wednesday.
Make the volume lower.
How do you make spaghetti
I want to hear study playlist.
could you confirm what i just said please.
Set reminder for date night with husband next Friday
Tell me what the weather is doing in Grand Rapids, MI right now.
one more time please.
reset all events in calender
How to create buttermilk from milk.
need background information about person X
write an email
Tell me about price of stock for innova
I like jazz, you should know...
please double check the instructions to make sure you got it right.
s1, please elaborate me on what you have said further.
How do you describe a capabara?
please could you confirm the details.
you got the command perfectly.
Can you add an event with John and Mary?
Who recently posted on social media?
who are you
Please set an alarm for 10 pm
How many legs does a dog have?
At 1pm today start the robot vacuum cleaner.
Set wake-up Thursday 7 am.
appreciated, that was amazing work.
s2, i was not clear about what you've said.
Should I take an umbrella?
Where can I find Japan?
can you please further clarify me about your answer.
Please lower the speaker volume.
Tell me the next showtime for the new Marvel movie
Play list of music from avatar
what is the price of apple stock today
dim the garden light by half
Olly where can I go shopping in this area?
Olly what are good movies playing now?
How much is 1000 USD in Indian Rupees?
It is cold out today, Olly.
Reply to Sarah's email.
Is there heavy traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas right now?
Show me all scheduled alarms
PDA, do I have any emails from John in the last week?
yeah great.
thanks but i think it's not the right command.
weird things people want to know
Play Nakumukka
include meeting in the list
can you get me news from NY Times?
Spotify curreny song
Can you please download my podcaste file available in internet and play it once?
What is the definition of pwd
Call Pizza Hut and order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms.
Vacuum the dining room
i just want to know some information about u
Can you remind me to order the Turkey three weeks before Thanksgiving?
the song in background is cool
please would you confirm my last question.
Show me my meeting for the next month
Place family phone on instagram
forex rate of euro to usd
list local ongoing exhibitions
what is the mean sea level of that place.
please just cancel.
find me a cheap train ticket for miamy
its very tough one
whats meaning of this
Play the music of Justin Bieber
can you please rephrase further.
HIS HARDWORD IS PROPRLY QUEAD
how do i make a pizza
Make a taxi booking in Uber
will you say the last phrase said one more time please.
What information should i know for my meetings today?
Check my email for any new email from Joe.
Will the train be late today in New York?
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
Play my jazz playlist
Send Chris an email.  Say - Do you have plans tonight? Want to go to dinner?
check when the show starts
song identifier
Do I have any new email from Pawel
Tweet starbucks and say that the customer service is awful.
please resume current song of masti
What does rice wine go with?
Can you remind me of the meeting today at 4 p.m.?
When is the next month that has 31 days
what's on for this week?
action
check if there any new email.
replay it please.
florida
thank you so much for listening.
Let me hear some music
can you please check the question.
Please turn the lights off
Delete alarm.
thank you for your answers, olly.
Send a response to my last email.
make it dark in here
email jerry regarding the meeting
please take me to Wall Street journal
will you check and confirm what i last said.
Create event with alarm for meeting in two hours
Please Find all name start with alphabetic of 'A' and create a list.
what is ___ +-x etc ____
play me this years top 10 ten K-Pop songs
does restaurant xy deliver takeaway?
1 dollar to Argentinian pesos
What is the plot of the most recent Will Smith movie?
Give me red lights.
info of rowan atkinson
get all availables
Turn all lights off during the day.
Schedule an uber in 20 minutes to Tesco on 5th street
Move to the next episode of Hipsterhood.
i have no idea for what to choose.
Could you manipulate roip for me
olly would you shut down please.
Add mow lawn to things to do list
Please read out the tasks from the list for today
PDA I need you to respond to Jennifer's email by stating we will be late.
how far we send money for digital
I'd like to delete the middle list.
PDA, access my FitBit app and record this activity, yoga, fifty minutes, high intensity.
today was okay
I occasionally pay attention
Are there any unread emails from Patrick?
open fm radio 100.00
read the headlines from New york times
note this event to my calender
wouldn't care.
Tell me what's going on snap chat
Explain to me the dark matter theory and show my its applications
What time does the train to place leave?
Please play Gary's podcast
does restaurant has home delivery
music traking
thank you very much for the answer, olly.
Weather forecast from Radio+
you are awesome, thank you.
Do I need sunscreen for today?
Add reminder today evening to collect the parcel from Jakes bristo
I enjoy listening to this song, it really calms me down
Please dim the lights
you have done your understanding right.
s2, did not get your words.
that must be a mistake.
what is the customer service feedback.
Please put on an alarm for 8am
could you just cancel please.
Add on calendar: birthday party tomorrow, 2pm, for Jane, at her house
can you please check question.
Write an email about next week weather to my wife
My vacuum cleaner should start between 10 to 11am everyday
When was born Abraham Lincoln?
Will it it be hot tomorrow?
thank you very much.
thanks for your helping, olly.
Olly, how big is australia?
What is my wife's e-mail?
Who is coming to the meeting tomorrow at 10 AM?
PDA mean
My calender is to be updated with all RCCG March event.
Please turn off the lights in this room.
Tell me the current time in Central time.
audio start
Olly today was a tiring day
The meeting with Justin and katrina has been changed-put it on Thursday.
I need to add a new email to my contacts.
Show me my reminders.
thanks but you have got me incorrectly.
I want to do X thing every day, please set a reminder.
google calendar. add event for march 21st
i do not bother.
Play 989 the radiostation
can you say one more time again please.
PDA, Repeat the last song again.
could you check the details.
Hi, what kind of pictures you uploaded in Pinterest
alexa tell me the largest ocean in the world
Is the celebrity single or married.
Please remove the alarm that is set for weekdays at 9.
could you tell me it once again.
Are there any traffic delays?
keep me posted on _____subject in the news
Don't let me forget tomorrow's meeting with Sheila.
is on 8th nov there is monday or some other day
you've done it right thanks.
Remind me to pick up John from the airport tonight at 8
Create a new list for me
new item for list
hey olly what are some good movies coming out soon
sorry but that's not the correct response.
hoover the hallway
Add a meeting to my calendar for 9am with Tom.
you have done it correcly.
play book
please can you retry your last thing you said.
I want to play rock paper scissors, let's play
What hour of the day is it in Dallas
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
any runs on the west side
switch on all the lights
Olly, what's a good movie that's out right now?
s1, clarify further on your response.
wouldn't really bother.
you have done it correctly thanks.
I do not need this anymore
nice job, you have done well, olly.
s1, further rephrase me about what you just said now please.
Play sec01 music from good playlist
how big is the stone in this ring
notify me with all events in the next one week
Check stock price for Dinky Donuts.
Do I have any calendar events today?
Ok Google! bring up google calendar please add event for may 5th
sorry but i think you've understood that wrongly.
give me recipes
Book an Uber to pick me up outside of Long Island Bar right now.
At what age Michael Phelps got married?
wouldn't really know, olly.
can i have cup of coffee
Notify me when I am supposed to attend the dance recital on March 5th.
Will you please play a podcast
What traffic is there on the route to the Pittsburgh airport?
about vijay
can you tell me what time is it
What will be weather for tomorrow in mumbai
it doesn't really matter.
top news on international women's day
Should I take an umberlla today?
yeap you have gotten your understanding right.
save this song in my great songs category
Play Prairie Home Companion on the car radio.
Where can I find a tax preparation professional for under $100?
Remind me to look at the pasta in 30 mins
I need the times for the South bound train on Allison RD
describe sphere
can you please further clarify me about it.
that was not what i wanted.
What happened last week?
that's useful,.
Information on dolly parton
check the detail please.
Play radio mirchi for me
i'd like to hear the last one said again.
Could you order sushi for tonight dinner?
s2, i can't get last sentence.
Is there any good Chinese takeout that's open late?
Do I need to wear a heavy coat today?
Go back to Animal Farm.
When is *** playing?
my day was fun
What is the list about my my favorite songs
When was Bryan Adams born?
What was the weather report for today?
Find and queue all songs of Kate Perry and play all without shuffling.
sorry but that's incorrect response.
Vacation spots
what is the plan to day
Tell me all the current events in my hometown.
say that again.
How to get to Cracow before noon by train
Please play Nakumukka song for me
would you please check what i last said.
yes it's amazing.
Hotel California is sung by whom?
check and confirm the question.
it's not what i was searching for.
What alarm time had you set?
solution
read abut the latest new about this world
i need to hear what you've just said again.
Olly change the lighting to blue
please save this song
oops, that's not the right response.
Get the coffee started, please.
clarify further on that to me please.
what's the weather today?
How much snow has Maine received as of today?
how you will define religion
What events are going on next week?
How many bucket fulls would it take to empty the dead sea?
darken the room a bit
Do I need my scarf and mittens?
When it's 10 pm here what time is it in Brisbane?
ah it's awesome, olly.
take bread out from the shopping list
Fire in Columbus, Ohio.
After this song play Raindrops Keep Fallin On My Head.
Research the clients that will attend the meeting
I love this music! Can you please save this to my dance playlist and remember that I like it?
you've done that correctly thank you very much, olly.
yes that's correct.
Hi, how is the weather
How many of my sports podcasts have new episodes I have not listened to yet?
My calender is to be updated with all RCCG event in March
What is the temperature outside?
Is there any email from Emilia?
Lights brighter
Olly, please set lunch meeting at 12pm for every Wednesday in March.
What is on my to do list?
PDA, clear all events from March 7.
Run Coffee Maker
remind me about calendar
Play my Morning playIst
yes you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
Turn off this light
would not really know.
Olly, Whats the dow jones at today?
Make the lights off
add apples to shopping list
what is the skedule on
PDA What's Jesse's number?
Echo, turn on Kicks 101.5
set reminder at 3 pm
could you please rephrase more on what you've just said.
make a contrast one
Show the list that are available with numbers
thanks for this information.
that was nice one.
What is planned today?
How do you make vegetarian lasagna?
Disable smark socket.
Play next episode of Con Man.
not correct command.
thanks but it is not the right response.
Olly, add dinner with Jane on February 12th at 6pm.
Take eggs of the list.
can you replay what said.
hurrily activates my robot vacuum cleaner.
Please start the vacuum.
What is X birthday?
can you say one more again.
i'd like to hear what you have said again.
What's the time difference between here and queensland?
will you rephrase this again to me please.
Open facebook messenger
Find me all mails from Magda with holidays word in the title
reopen groceries and add milk
Hey PDA, start an email to coworker.
Could you update me with the list of my music likes
Please check my playlists for jazz music
Set reminder on calendar for
I have a meeting at noon today
i am sorry but you understood that wrongly.
what list I have for today
Mark on my calender
Call for takeout
start chapter five of physics for future presidents
Give me some lavender-toned light
Where is Yosemite Park?
uh no, i did not ask for that command.
<unk> items
PDA, What is a...
Please provide me with notifications on the election results
Play music from the playlist
will you please shut down.
tell me the defination of...
Please set recurring calendar event.
PDA please set a meeting to discuss terrorism with Fred on the next available meeting day.
Pay for train ticket
whatever would be good.
s1, will you rephrase your answer once again to me.
Tell me the news
Please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
Start new email for Yulia
s1, clarify me further on what you have said.
Remove the list
Please add note to this file, good tune.
What's the exchange rates
What reminders did I set?
Play football match for myself now
turn socket off
i'd like to hear what you've said again.
ask a shopping malls in my area
hey, would like to know about celebrity X.
smsayyad1985@outlook.com
s1, explain further please.
I want to cook pasta in american style, show me how.
What was the name of my last email
i'd like to hear the last spoke again.
Where is johncena from
please will you tell me one more time again.
PDA turn office lights off
i am sorry but you got that incorrectly.
I need a description of (object)
was there an improvement to the US economy
s2, i was unclear about what you have just said.
please remove the name starts with A
what is the time in new york
Expired products in recent market
s2, could not get what you have said.
Schedule a meeting with John Connor tomorrow, at eight in the morning.
Checkout today third set alarm.
would not mind for anything.
Who is going to win the next elections in the France?
i do not know.
How hot is it in Miami?
Please delete this list for me
Send a calendar appointment to...
Please turn the radio 97.3 FM
please turn on  classic music for the dinner now
read me my list for <unk>
elections in UP
PDA, open 104.7 radio
do not bother.
downloads management
Just let me know the train time to California
Can you tell me what the time is right now?
sorry but that is not correct answer.
Please play Trivial Pursuit with me.
what did <unk> today
Please keep tabs on how the presidential debates are going.
Show todays events in NY
it's wonderful.
get that right.
What's the latest headline ?
can i have timing of keral express
What are the top stories on CNN?
What do you think of the three laws of robotics?
THIS IS IMPORTANT EVENT, PLZ NOTE ON MY CALENDAR.
Tell me the keys to success!
yeah you have got my instructions perfectly.
What events are on my calendar?
can you explain me the problems when the syria becomes more stronger than america
play songs from my playlist
PDA, change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red.
please be quiet for another hour
open calender and find meeting time
Play Got That by Medasin
HOW IS TRAFFIC IN CITY
it is helpful,.
Is the new Stephen King book on my list?
please could you shut off.
What kind of shops are near my locality?
Get me the weather forecast of Beijing.
when is the train arriving today?
set new reminder to every day
What type of pant is a culotte?
i wouldn't really mind, olly.
Show me the shops that are in the area.
can you clarify further on this.
train ticket please
Set reminder for 2pm about my meeting.
Olly, make a calendar entry for next Saturday at ten a.m., please.
Where is the closest Sweet Frog?
what day is new year's eve this year?
can you tell me the recipe to cook pav bhaji?
Remind me about my meeting this afternoon please.
How long until my order arrives
Is there anything to do tonight?
Please find all emails from Jane about our sunday church group.
by our scores
Turn the lights on party mode
give me the definition of arrow
His new award?
Who are the top-5 all-time NHL goal scorers?
Tell me Mary's cell number?
Remind me to go to bed before 1 am everyday
What type of learning system do you use?
Tell me about first week collection of Movie Hidden Figures and also tell about the reviews and rating of the movie.
Any new mail from jack
What artist is singing that song?
Check the the dish price and all.
When are the meetings?
hi send i love you message to my wife
shit, it's not what i just requested.
What is the highest Microsoft stock price today
show all emails of contract
Echo turn on the vacuum cleaner while I am gone.
Show me world news updated in the pst hour.
How would you describe a happy birthday?
Remove the doctor's appointment I added to my calendar for February 12th at 9am.
I want to hear a yo mama joke.
Every other Wednesday, remind me to go grocery shopping.
thanks for help.
Show latest news about migration
Tell me all the pending reminders
I would like to receive updates about the stock market every day.
Are there any reminders left?
what places can I order takeout from near by
Play <song name>
What is the USA-Chinese exchange rate?
i want you to confirm the detail please.
Remove bananas from my shopping list
Find the meaning
Remind me about the March 16 meeting.
PDA, Can u increase the volume of the speakers?
Kindly switch off the light in the drawing hall
hey siri what is on the radio right now
I need to get to 'location'. Call a cab.
Do I have any undone tasks?
can you please check and confirm my last instruction.
Give me the current trend on the stocks for Facebook and McDonalds.
Set me a reminder for the get-together with the women's club on Sunday after church.
Current time in Japan.
Any local activities you can recommend in my area?
tell me it again.
Call Sarah.
Take off my alarms
Hello hello
Find me the oldest hotel in Washington. D.C.
Turn of lobby light
what alarms did I set
Show me Derek's contact information
If it could make phone calls for you and say whatever it is you may text someone since not everyone is text savy
i am not so clear about your answers.
Turn wemo on
Who wrote the song that is playing?
Go back
What do I have pending?
I want to listen to Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson.
How do I cook spaghetti squash?
OK Google, unmute my sound.
Tell me interesting events around.
yes you understood my instructions correcly.
find details about usa
I don't like this song
How far away is...?
Olly what is the nearest mexican restaurent in Cleveland?
really would not mind, olly.
What items are on my shopping list?
you have gotten that exactly.
Are there any events going on close by?
I'm hungry show me some takeaway food
check details please.
I'dl like to hear any classical, except for bach or schubert
Book a train ticket for an 8 AM ride to Charleston, West Virginia
purple haze
turn the light off
Add to the list
Get me an uber
Turn the lights down a bit
Send an email to (sender)
i want you to check and confirm the last thing i said please.
Should I bring an umbrella tomorrow?
you are helpful,.
which is the costliest and the cheapeast city to live in some particular country.
I'd like to hear some oldies songs.
What time is it in Dallas?
Id like to get on the next train that will be departing Indianapolis headed to Chicago.
Play Born to Run from were I stopped
you are not correct.
Show me the best recipe for spaghetti
check my mail
Send tech news
Remember me to send the presentation today at 1:00pm
Repeat last message
will you please rephrase what you've said again.
shit, it isn't what i meant.
Olly what's my agenda for the remainder of the week
olly can you shut up please.
Why does Sofia Vergara look so young?
Define perpetual
please would you elaborate me about what you have said once again.
fantastic job, you did well, olly.
When was Richard Nixon born?
activate silent
Send an email to sjobs@apple.com
What day of the week is Sept 12 of this year?
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
What is the status on my latest order?
List the shops near me
invite jack for meeting tomorrow
Turn off the nearest light
Do I have an event on this date?
what have i played the most?
Did the stock prices of Google go up or down?
I want to turn on the blue lights.
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE DEFINITION OF CYLINDER.
confirm detail please.
I am in bad mood, tell me a joke
Order me a Cheese burger from Tommy's burgers
what in on my to do list of events
Olly, I would like to have a cup of coffee.
how does an elephant looks like?
i don't really mind to choose any one, olly.
Please give me update of Hockey
Remind me about my lunch date for Monday.
When does the F train run today?
When did I place my order and what was the projected time it would take?
Send a copy of the bills to Mecky by email.
What time is my wakeup alarm set for?
will you replay what you have said please.
Set up a meeting with my Tanya for every Thursday at 10 AM.
Can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather.
Check my new emails and tell me what are they about
Start vacuum cleaner now
check and confirm details.
play next please
tell me the time in someplace
Does Fongs have delivery?
you have done that right i appreciate it.
yeap it's confirmed.
clarify me on that further please.
s1, could you please again clarify what you have just said.
yes you got that exactly.
anything is okay with me.
Can you please turn up the lights
Olly, why is Donald Trump the president of the United States, and how do we get him kicked out of office?
when was <unk> born
How many pesos to an American dollar?
save appointment to list
Continue to next song please.
What is the geographic region of _________
Can you tell me a joke?
Do I have any appointments?
that's useful, i appreciate it, olly.
Will I need to wear a coat today?
sorry but this is wrong.
Add all RRCG events in March to my calender
Please indicate the opening price of fra stock
Access Coffee Maker, Begin Process.
When was this song recorded?
affirmative.
please check the command.
Olly what ingredients are needed for pudding
what is a snoodle
s2, your words was not so clear to me.
Add on my calendar for today, Joe Smith, at 1 pm
Please Check all new email of RAJESH SINGH.
olly i will talk to you later on.
Give me the  opening stock price of Infosys Technologies today
Set a reminder to attend PTA on Tuesday.
What on my list to do today evening.
Please add one plus one
resume the last played audiobook
start song x
Please, order some sushi for dinner
alexa how large is the universe in miles
Tell me about the current relationship between Russia and the USA.
READ ME MY CALENDAR FOR THE MONTH
id like my pda to randomly make jokes unprompted
add business contacts to contact list
Please tell me the pending reminders.
get me top headlines
Look up the meaning of logic
Can you find the newest song from MGK?
Please post Happy Birthday USA on my newsfeed.
can you explain me further on what you've said please.
Where is the nearest river?
Olly, play me in a game of tic-tac-toe.
do more light .
What do you think about the day you will expire?
Give me up-to-date on sports news
Find an Oscar nominee movie
When is the next SEPTA train to Philadelphia?
Email Karen about the budget meeting
What events do I have scheduled today
uhh no, i think incorrect answer.
How many continents are there?
list of famous biryani recipes
uh no, i think not right response.
set alarm for 8 every weekday
Explain what a contact lense is.
yeah you get it perfectly.
PDA please check my reminders
drop a message to Jan, write I will be late
Play some good song from my play list
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train?
turn the volume up on music player
set an alarm at 6 in the morning
Does the 13th have rain in the forecast?
What's happening in town tonight?
tell me the time in GMT plus 5
Does Peking Garden deliver?
google the object and see
On all the button on dashboard
will you please elaborate me about what you have said again.
PDA, what's the weather forecast for today?
i would like to hear your phrase you just said again.
We're cancelling the Boatman project.
Make vacuum cleaner start
will I be able to see the stars this night?
let us start over please.
where is the closest barber
What's on my todo list?
Who sings the song about a long black train?
How about playing a game of guess the word I'm thinking of?
it was excellent job.
Clear every single event from my entire calendar.
Please be quiet for the next 2 hours.
I need to set up a recurring event in my calendar please
Please turn off kitchen light for me
would you try that words spoke one more time again.
that does not matter for me, olly.
Play for me American Idol on Television
do i have an appointment next wensday
it doesn't matter.
could you say the last one spoken one more again.
What does regal mean?
how is president's trump office proceeding?
Open new emails
bring up lights
Olly, what is the exchange rate between the US dollar and the AUS dollar?
May I know what is trending in twitter?
i was unclear about last sentence.
Can you change the lights to white?
play me some U2 from the 80's
log a complaint to lg ac to customer service
could you shut off please.
Check my inbox for new emails.
Lights off in the kitchen, please.
this is of no importance.
What is happening in the world today?
play me some christian songs
Will it be raining day after?
New alarm for 6am
swivel the light to off
call a taxi for me to arrive tonight at 5
got it exactly.
Turn sound off
i want to hear the songs of Adele
Who's the singer?
please tell me how cani remove the item
Quiet mode, 4 hours
The following question asks you to analyze teacher goals and actions intended
s2, i can't quite catch that.
I said
Let's roll the dice.
Do you recommend an umbrellas?
when is peter's birthday?
what is the capital of france
Lets talk. I am bored right now.
remind me of my meeting on...
Set a notification for three, two, and one hours before next week's English final.
i think this is not the right response.
whatever would be good to me, olly.
What is the weather in Miami
you've understood command perfectly.
you should not have done that.
Start the most recent episode of my true crime podcast.
can you check and confirm details.
when is the next train to New York
open gallery post picture name
Show me how to use this new Canon camera that I bought.
send a message to national grid that the power is out again
I can't hear you speak up.
provide the list
Are you aware this joke.
Dial the number
Add dentist appointment for Friday at 5
mention the list
The Time
What's on my calendar tomorrow?
Where is a theatre in my area?
get me new mail.
please would you cancel it.
On the list, tell me the names.
i just ordered food, call and see it has been delivered
Today is Holiday?
Currency converter please
Wemo plug socket off
Change the light colour to
shit, it is not what i was searching for.
Tell me BBC news
What will the weather be like for this week?
Set a wake up call for 10 AM.
yeah it's good.
Could you find a train back home at around 7 pm?
Power off please
Send me the stock market updates for today.
run recent email
Can you tell me how gravity works
rate usd gbp
Reply to this please
Play a country station.
Begin Secrets of the Citadel January onne cast
continue where i left off on my podcast
What is the current dollar to euro conversion rate?
Show me the most trending articles for today
Olly delete my appointment for tomorrow at three p.m.
Weather in Homestead
Network podcast
6AM
I need you to set 12 noon prayer for every friday
I do have a to do list for today, don't I?
PLZ RAISE THE LIGHT, I AM NOT COMFORTABLE AT THIS.
shit, you did not understand what i said.
I would like to reply to the most recent email.
could you check and confirm the details please.
Tell me the humidity level downtown today.
Do you believe in God or do you think you'll become one?
Set a notification about my meeting next Tuesday.
go to online site
tell me the date
email rohit saying 'I am busy tommorow'
you did your understanding perfectly.
yeah you've done the command exactly.
go to the third episode of this podcast
please say it one more time again.
What are the train times today?
find if takeaway possible in restaurant xy?
What's the weather doing in Grand Rapids, MI now?
Can you repeat this event?
Help me locate a shop that sells clothes for classy ladies.
check the question please.
March 1 is Susan's birthday, right?
Switch light to lowest level in dining area
Who is the prettiest actress in the world in this century
Describe ...
did you get it correctly?
What's the date today ?
shuffle my party songs playlist
that's perfect work, appreciated.
Can you sync my calendar with mark?
Please add (event) to calendar
Is it sunny?what' s the temperature?
Play only all music released between the year 1990 and 2000
What's the weather now?
show me direction to my home
Start a conversation with me about sports
olly i'd like you stop.
play the second song from anirudh's song.
is there any traffic right now
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
Has anything happened to Mass Effect?
elaborate further on what you've just said to me please.
PUT MILK ON MY SHOPPING LIST
are you happy?
i can not quite catch that.
Please book the 5pm train to Rockville.
Who have emailed me recently and what are the subjects of each email?
Begin reply...
Show me the current traffic nearby me
what is the answer to life?
What is the sum of $15.99 and $6.65?
did you get what last said correctly?
olly i want you just stop it.
Could you harvest the crops in farmvile?
Check for me new emails recieved from Sara
What is 14 divided by 2?
i think that's not the right response.
read a books to read list for me please
Send email to Joy Hey I missed you yesterday want to go out for dinner tonight
s2, i am unclear about it.
A new list to be created by 12noon tomorrow.
Make the socket available for me
Tell me some funny joke to laugh
I want to get hourly notification on financial news
Does Pings do takeaway?
Alexa what are todays country hits
Start up League of Legends for me.
Turn off my alarms
is there any alarm after 5 am
check detail.
Can you let Delta know I'm never using them again?
General Health tips
post complaint about servcie A
Remind me later.
What are the showtimes for Logan at the nearby theatre
it is good job, thank you very much, olly.
you have got my instructions right.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE WEATHER PREDICATION FOR THIS WEEK.
Jack birthday is on 15th march set a reminder
Find some 80s rock
I'm going to the theater on Friday at 7 with Dave. Can you add that to my calendar?
just stop please.
economy
activate music
Let me know when the next cold front is expected
I would like to hear the podcast of the Heat game thats is being played tonight.
Facebook Status: Loving that sunrise
Let's play 90s hits on the radio
What music genre do I listen to the most?
find emails from Bob about the bulldog
yeah affirmative.
how do you like being my assistant?
How many kilometers did I walk today?
Display available lists
See my inbox for mail I received from X person
Remind me to make a pizza tomorrow morning
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL WHEN WE HAVE TO PAY FOR CAR INSURANCE?
Do I need to take a hat me me ?
What reminders do I have pending?
i was unclear about your answers.
ah it's amazing.
What will the weather be like for the next week?
book an uber to pick me up now
Start a choice game
Read the message again
make the lights shine blue
Let's suck out the dust.
Complaint on service prover on my twitter
how has your life been changed by me
Email to Caroline: How are you? Can you send me updates on last project. Cheers Tomasz
I am having a meeting on tomorrow, set it
check email about my job.
Do I have anything scheduled for 1pm next Monday?
Remove a list of accessories purchase last week.
olly could you shut off please.
i needed something else.
Can you recommend some dog show events going on in our city?
yeap your understanding is confirmed.
When will team meeting start
How much is a train ticket to San Fransisco?
Is the DOW up or down?
I want to know today's weather
PDA please email
increase the brightness of lights bedroom
book me a ticket for a train to new york from boston in two days from now
What country uses the most coal?
i don't really care, olly.
Select Recipe
what is the square root of 97
Please activate my coffee pot for me
Can you change the colour to red
Dismiss my next event
call city cab to airport
Please play rap music.
any meeting between 6 to 7pm
PDA give me international news
What news do you have today?
What's the latest?
My commute was difficult today.
go forward please
Remind me about my meeting with Joe at 10 on Monday
Send email to Mom - Want to go shopping tomorrow?
Life goals
could you tell me it one more again.
Please tweet that DirecTv has horrible customer service.
check and see what will be the weather condition in New jersey, at 8 am tommorrow
please tell me the time
Include this event in my calendar.
search for local shops
tomorrow is a sunny day, right?
How hot is today?
what time is it now
Could you please find me the latest news from a source that I do not usually go to?
i want to hear the last one you said again.
s1, can you please explain me about what you said now further.
please repeat my shopping list
Save the email to my contact
s2, i do not understand that.
Show me the latest emails from Amazon.
you have understood my instructions correcly.
Are there any news regarding our President on Facebook today?
what you've just said is not clear.
send a tweet to kroger about spoiled milk
Go to beginning of previous episode
Parenting
Show me the time in New York City.
Put my dinner at Red lobster on the calendar for today at 9.
how much has hp stock gone up?
I need to set up a meeting with Peter Francis on Monday.
Do you know the weather?
Remind me about Tuesday meeting with client at 10 am.
can't get what you said now.
can you help me find the answer to this question?
Find recipe chicken casserole
will you check what i said please.
Porn
Have I gotten any emails in the last day?
Please answer Jean's e-mail.
Olly make me coffee at 8am
What is the capital of Washington?
start music app and play a song for me
Please call a taxi to arrive at 4:00 and take me to the Manor Theater.
couldn't understand your answers.
What is my schedule for 12pm to 4 pm?
Give the time of clasical music concert today in the city
play a song of your choice for me
Please set a meeting for <insert date and time> on my calendar
Any mail marked as Important ?
Olly recommend me a restaurant in west chester
Play Football news from RadioOne
please make the lights reading friendly
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
PLEASE TWEET ABOUT OUR BAD EXEPERNICE OF THE VODAFONE CUSTOMER SERVICE.
no, i think that's not the right response.
Is there a food festival in the area?
Can you play some Elvis for me?
send apologies to all the attendees of the upcomming Tavern lunch
Play recentl added songs
Delete the list Brads appointments.
Play me some melody song
Start house cleaning.
Clean up my schedule
increase the bright of the light
What is the 5 days forecast looking like in New York City?
Open Tasks, delete future events
uhh no, i think not right response.
i'd like to hear the last one again.
PDA I am going to Sally's Birthday on Saturday at 10pm
any one is ok to me.
Let's listen to some jazz
what is the purpose of
your answer is not clear.
2nd march neha and i will go on date.
has the dollar rate increased ?
could you again elaborate me on that.
What are my alarms
Check for new emails
Play EDMs
PDA, what is the current state of the investigation into Trump's ties with Russia?
Awards won by Michael Jackson
Set alarm on 10th November for 9o clock
When is the next time it will rain?
Do I work on the 24th?
Please let me know the exchange rate between  Indian rupees and US$.
Set environmental news notification.
Get rid of all events with Jeff.
Is there any traffic downtown right now?
Call vikki
If there were 10 easy steps to make myself rich what would they be?
Open The Two Towers and play.
compare man and woman
Where is Stonehenge?
strongly agree.
PDA, notify me about the event in my calendar.
Akhilesh Yadav get alignment with Rahul Gandhi for U. P. election.
weather at kodaikanal
What is tomorrows weather predicitons?
Turn the lights off in my bed room.
s2, i was unclear about what you've said.
how many wives does the ceo of enron have
Set alarm for 6:00 a.m. tomorrow.
Google who was the last President who didn't own a dog?
could you try what you just said one more again.
Change the volume level to 19 please
Where is...
Olly clear everything off my calendar for the rest of the year.
can you shut off please.
Is everyone on my Facebook list watching the game?
Find me the latest podcast about President Trump and his immigration ban.
Que song Let it Burn
that's cool,.
Send an email to my mom.
Please turn on the Sean Hannity show on AM.
are thier any new emails for me today
show up the events for me today.
Fraud in weighing products
Google IBM stock prices
what is the time difference between here and there?
Find all the contacts named John.
s1, rephrase further on what you've just said to me please.
bring up papa pear saga
Activate robot cleaner in an hour
PDA, I'd like an alarm set for this Saturday at 10.
Describe the list contents
are there any accidents on Harvard?
delete calendar events
When did dave matthews email me about the contract?
Is it going to rain next week?
How to eat healthy
Add a reminder to my calendar every year/month/week on this date
let us try your last sentence once more please.
Remove the appointment with George Adams from my calendar.
what is immigrant?
yeah you did it exactly.
I'm in a meeting, please do not speak.
check email
that was cool, musch appreciated.
Make a new notification for political campaign tweets.
Can to please clear my calendar of all events?
What is the answer to 4+4?
Delete trip scheduled July 4th
Have I gotten any new emails?
Please help serve me coffee with a no sugar.
Olly, Open 'The Two Towers'
add appointment to list
PDA, new emails from ****?
yeah correct response to command.
Make a playlist of motivational songs that can boost my morale while running and jogging and play them.
Remind me about meeting at 8am to 12pm
Check the status of my Pizza Hut order please.
How long will it take me to drive to the Panic! concert tomorrow?
Does PF Changs accept takeout orders?
What was last sent to me in my social media feed?
notify me about all meetings tomorrow
What's the news from CNN?
Where is Venzuela?
Tell me when I need to leave the airport
I wish to go for cheap shopping, is there any $1 shop nearby?
how many muhurtham in this month?
What are some recent e-mails in my inbox?
What is the best movie to watch this weekend.
Will it be raining tomorrow.
can you just cancel it.
yeah perfectly.
Play the next episode of Max's podcast
Find the latest Disney podcast.
DId I put toothpaste on my pick up list?
New event, breakfast meeting, WM Mason Room, 9am
thank you so much for the information.
want to play music
olly make me happy
please will you confirm command.
What's my friend Joe's phone number
anything going on in los angeles
Don't make any sounds
Update to current time
Please go to the next episode of the podcast.
What is the time in Dubai ?
Please, change lights colour to red
Tune in to my favorite radio station please.
can you please remove the alarm
Remind me about tomorrows meeting
play music by acdc
What are the cordinates of everest?
Tell me that how demonetization policy is affecting India. Tell me all the positive and negative outcomes of Demonetization.
Uh, what does the current date happen to be, PDA?
remind upcoming meeting with eminem
open a reminder about next weeks managers meeting on tuesday
i do not really mind for whatever.
Hey Olly, what time is it in Dallas, Texas?
What is the latest news about the Mexico-America border wall?
Please show me detail of current playing song.
lets go Nazi hunting, PDA!
I want to reply
Play music by the Beatles.
yeap it's good.
forward episode of NYT podcast
ggg
ensure I wants to listen to this programe on radio
Will it rain tomorrow in Miami
My favorite music is rock from the early two thousands.
display date
did you get what i last said correctly?
Read to me all the e-mails from contact about subject.
Play me a song by Van Halen
exchange rate of euro with dollar
Give me all my lists.
Please play justing bieber album
Read my most recent emails
what is my event schedule tomorrow
Make an alarm to help me remember
Tell me about my events.
what alarms do I have set for today?
How tall is Mount Everest?
Get me some radio music from KAMP_FM
Please make me coffee without sweetener.
it's useful, appreciated.
Who played Harry Potter in the films
hmm, it is not what i wanted.
Show me a traffic map from Kamycka to Dejvicka
I would like to hear Fresh Air.
What would be the exchange rate of currency in Japan
make an alarm for 4pm
it is not what i wanted.
can you elaborate further on this to me please.
i do not mind to choose any one, olly.
play this game with me
Please continue playing Odd Thomas by Dean Koontz.
I want you to tweet for me to Hathway Customer service as I have got a very huge bill amount.
Olly, turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
I bought pre-season baseball tickets.
please can you check and confirm last thing said.
whatever will be fine.
thanks, it's perfect, olly.
Delete that
PDA, Provide me the alarm times you have set.
play silent song
i was unclear about what you have said.
olly that is all.
ah that's nice one.
Delete everything for this month.
PDA remove this event from my calendar notification
Please set my alarm.
How many Inches are in a foot
has any mail received with an attachment ?
thanks but i think it was not right answer.
could you please confirm the details.
My day is going well, add a memo.
What is going on Thursady the fifth?
Should I pick up some defrosting salt at the store?
Update my calendar and delete next event
What is Clint Eastwood doing these days?
PDA, Open Map
Will I get sweaty today?
s1, elaborate your response again to me please.
give me the details of next reminder
Angelina has a birthday when?
please remove my alarm
Just let me know the population of India
PLEASE TELL ME TO TAKE MY UMBERALA BECAUSE IT WILL BE VERY HOT TODAY.
PDA, connect to lights
Give me the definition for animal
Where was Steve Jobs born?
your answer was incorrect.
how many hours remaining to reach midnight in city
add new event to calendar and name as anna
Silently adjust
where is the statue of libery?
Please set reminder.
what is the time right now?
Set a reminder for the meeting every Monday at 2pm
start the next episode
Hey PDA, what is the agenda for the date?
Two thumbs down @companyname
I have new email.
it's dirty here, make some noise!
use that email address as a contact
thanks but i think that's not the right command.
check emails from gary for last hour
remove the latest alarm
please search for this word
Start brewing please.
will you speak it once again.
i need the details about my next schedule
Check facebook and twitter and tell me if anything interesting is happening.
could you tell me again please.
Respond to Graham and let him know that I will be free tomorrow.
email my contact with the following message
oops, you have understood me incorrectly.
got answer exactly.
Buy a train ticket from Lakeland, Florida to New York, New York
What are the hearhrob news?
alarm for 10am
tell next day's event
doesn't matter to me.
When is my next event?
Tell me about it
PDA if there is any free space please set a reminder for me to call my sister about a college fund between my meetings this evening.
what is this event is called ?which happening my area
I want to eat some spicy thing
What did I get emailed about this week?
I want to hear the latest world news from today.
Prepare the order as soon as possible.
please could you speak once again.
change background
I need to add baseball practice on Saturday at  two pm.
Tell me what is in your list.
Can I wear my sandals today?
Weather in Leisure City
Account #s and Passwords, fasion
reply
is the giraffe baby born yet
Open a new email to contact.
Please refresh my Gmail inbox
make a list for work
29th march comes on what day?
What list did I make today?
that's nice one, thank you, olly.
please check mails quickely
make a room darker
would you please elaborate your answer further to me.
Open my grocery list and add bananas to it.
What is smart plug socket
Event
Tell me about the latest politics news.
you told me the incorrect date please correct this.
What is playing at AMC 20?
Check for new mail.
that is unimportant to me, olly.
Rating
show news of migration
PDA: Anything interesting from Bob's News
Change my music player volume to 80%
Turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee.
PDA, Please tell me the weather for Washington DC
add a 5 am alarm in place of my 9 pm alarm
I would love to talk about music
olly i will talk to you later.
Set me up with a ticket for the 5pm commuter to Rockville.
Do i have a date for tonight ?
Play the radio music band.
PDA, Can you notify the event in my calendar?
Play one through ten on U2 list
s1, will you please once again clarify me on what you have just said.
Please see what you wrote for this question.
Is there anything happening in town this weekend?
next/last
check and confirm the last thing i said.
what events are scheduled for this weekend in my area
please can you replay.
I need some sushi, what's closest?
Define the word absolute.
Play tunes
Olly, anything interesting going on in the Bay Area?
resume playing you are joking mr feynman
What is the home phone number for Sarah
Tweet at samsung that I am disappointed that their phones are so easy to break.
it was helpful,, olly.
What does the traffic look like headed to LAX?
olly call me a cab
Investing
Look up the senders and subjects of recent email.
Is it going to rain today in Columbus?
What does serendipitous mean?
How long should I simmer rice for?
wouldn't really know.
yes you've done your understanding right.
check and confirm the instruction.
play melody songs
Change the lights to my favorite color
Turn off the living room lights
PDA how many alarms do I have?
Please play next song.
this doesn't really matter to me.
Post a Facebook status update
Can save this music in my playlist?
What is a calone worth compared to a US dollar
Olly, can I please have a cafe Americano?
Report the current time in oakland.
Where is fiji?
tweet a complaint to old navy website alexa
How's the traffic?
Wake me up at 5 Am every morning
What movie should I see?
Lets have a chat.
where is tommorrows meeting shedulded
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
Switch lights to dim red, we bout to get frisky in here.
Set alarm at 10 am.
please Can i know what time will it be at 6 pm here in Australia?
please tell me what you have just said one more time again.
What is going on with Obamacare?
Tap Start, and then select Settings.
you've done it correctly appreciated.
Send an email to qerwerq@dfasdfa.com
i like you stop it.
Surrounding environment
find ny train time
Has the war in Syria ended?
add doctor's appointment  monday at 3 to calendar
Coffee, make now
Set an aniversary event for Tuesday
Please draft an email to Shaun requesting Sunday's off for the next schedule.
Look up stock prices for my mutual funds and 401k account.
KYA TUM MUJHE CNN NEWS SUNA SAKTE HO?
stock price fb
what is the train schedule to denver?
yes that's good.
can you confirm my last question.
Find an uber driver available for tonight after 10 pm.
What were yesterday's activities between 5pm and 8pm?
PDA, write a tweet to this company.
radio channels
Remind me to get the oil changed
What is twelve divided by four?
Shuffle my workout playlist
Remove that event from calender.
How is the spouse of Obama ?
Olly i got into a wreck today
Is there a train from Philadelphia to New York City at noon?
What do I have planned for Friday?
Remove events.
Make the lights less bright.
replay that please.
i do not understand it.
please check weather on tuesday
PDA what do I have on my shopping list?
Neat
Change the light in the bathroom to yellow
what are the reminder i had set for tomorrow
yeap you have got my instructions perfectly.
weather on monday
it is of no importance with me, olly.
Yo PDA, what's the current time
Send the email to John.
you rock, i appreciate it.
cancel my 3pm alarm
Music from the 1960s
i would not really care.
Can the lights be turned up?
What city does Anthony Keidis live in?
set an appointment for Allen on tomorrow
will you reset.
will you write an email to Chelsea for me
current time in NY
Turn on console
Who is the most frequently called person in my phone book?
would like to know about topic X, please tell.
Olly, want to play a game of trivia?
What is the subject of the email that just arrived
please clarify further on your response to me.
yeah you've got your understanding perfectly.
that's helpful, appreciated, olly.
Play some old school rap.
what things can't you do
Let me know when there is news on the Dakota pipeline.
thanks, it was excellent.
remind me when i reach
Ok Google, can you give me the time in New Delhi
i appreciate it, that was great one.
add carrots to the list.
What time is it in pacific time
What date is tomorrow
shadi special podcast,play it.
Turn on the radio and play channel 106.9
Hey Olly, can you please make me a creamy coffee?
What is SO CLEAN news for the last 6 hours?
Play kiss from a rose PDA.
sticking to diet
Turn off the light of my bed room please
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
Tell me something to remind this week
I need all the local events for this area that are being held this weekend.
what is the stock price of Sensex right now?
would you check that please.
My day went pretty well today.
Change my light color to blue, and please turn off the kitchen light.
can you check last thing said please.
Wake me up at 5 Am every morning
expenses
Do I have new email from work since yesterday?
not correct.
go to the event month and  delete
Give me a 3 day notification before my chemistry exam please.
PDA, open lists
directions
People canceling Iowa vacations over congressman's words
Is there any carnival taking place in our area
Reply to Mark's email.
I would like to talk about it.
remind me at
Remove all events from my calendar.
save my contacts
play next
Tell me about latest controversial news of kim kardashian.
olly select a different color for the lights
What is Mondays actual date?
Tell me about yourself?
Is there a traffic jam on my route?
it is useful, musch appreciated.
Please earse the next birthday event
I need to send a reply to Charlotte
Olly I need an alarm set for 5:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Can you find the radio station on Spotify that I was listening to yesterday?
Olly I want you to put on be warned by tech n9ne
Inform my group that the new meeting date is tomorrow.
alexa how much is the dollar worth compared to the euro
Play I walk the line by Johnny Cash.
what is the answer to that question
could you check the last thing i said please.
you have got it correcly.
What is the the Times headline?
send mail to ismail for office opening time table.
When is the next train to Glasgow from Aberdeen?
what is the exchange rate with  1 US dollar.
Give me the news on my provider.
is it going to be sunny next week on Tuesday?
Olly, give me the news on donald trump
Dollar rupees exchange rate
that's perfect.
Is it still going to be rainy and cold on Wednesday?
Turn off my wemo socket
Who sells the cheapest netbooks in South Austin?
Hi Olly, I will need my coffee brewed at 7am today.
Next podcast.
s1, can you further clarify me on it.
Alexa, I want to know the best super market in this local area
could you reset what i said please.
Play my country music playlist
Calculate the costs of cable and internet providers in my area. Where can I save the most?
Play radio music.
write an email to john (body)
doesn't really matter to me.
create a new list of my pending bills
RCCG ikoyi Lagos distance by train will take how long and which direction?
Olly what mexican food is around me?
Tell my meetings for tomorrow morning.
Whats the scoop
olly i like you just cancel.
find local events
Tell me what's on my Holiday list.
I need an email chain to my mother I'm planning a trip to see her ask her how the weather will be so I know how to pack
what time is the alarm set for tomorrow?
search for the correct game
details on person
remove calendar events
Radio
you didn't understand what i was looking for.
Start playing Bag of Hammers
set my alarm fro 5:30
what year what the Eiffel tower built
I want you to fast forward  the audio the resume
Olly, what is the fastest route to town?
What does a baguette look like.
Resume my audio book from karl Pilkington
Who is the Prime Minister of Russia
Olly, notifiy me two hours before my meeting.
Make me a coffee please
that's excellent.
latest reminder about meeting
We had great dinner today
Schedule a meeting this Monday with Peter Francis in the afternoon.
I need coffee please preferably hot.
please once again rephrase me about what you have said.
Let me know what's accumulated in my inbox since 3pm.
would you reset what i have just said please.
Tune in to 89.7 FM
Turn the lights blue at 3PM
i appreciate the help.
fantastic response to the command.
Meeting reminders from three to five.
Cross bananas from my list
i want you confirm the detail please.
you are hero,.
It's my mother's birthday today Olly, send me a notification every year on this date.
check my facebook notification
add Eva's birthday party at roller jam for 12:30 pm on may 7th
Make a repeting reminder for this calender event.
What's the best clothes store here?
that's good.
NPR TED Talks
Speak as loud as you can.
perfect work, you've done well.
What time is (event) starting?
macy's forgot to ship 2 of my items. Inform them.
nice work, you have done well.
Check e-mail client
Is tonight the full moon?
What is the time in the Mountain timezone?
check weather I got an email from rohit?
Play Crystal Lewis's Beauty of the Cross for me
If the object is for sale, then what is the price.
Can I have an espresso please?
What happened to Charlie Chaplin?
please be silent.
s1, please clarify me about your answers once again.
Get me the updates of the election polling.
I mostly pay attention
I would like to play tetris.
play songs related to ACDC
Please play the podcast from happypeople.com.
i wouldn't really mind.
when is my daughter birthday
trash the current list
PLZ, TUNE 93.8 FM RADIO MIRCHI.
Add to my calendar daily call at 5pm
s2, it was not clear to me.
Please play the top 40's hits in pandora
Get it fast resolved.
i think you have understood that not correct.
that's not the correct answer.
Read me the top Google headlines.
MY GAMES TO PLAY IN MY PHONES
Make a note, please: I like modern alternative rock music
I had a great day today.
order me a bowl from chipotle takeout
PDA, how is the weather looking for this week?
enter this to a list.
you've got it correcly.
Cancel my 5pm daily call
Someone play the radio.
Are there any good movies running in nearby theaters?
Why is the Earth round?
it is unimportant to me, olly.
How much is a train ticket to Denver from here?
What do I have on my calendar this week?
Is there a train coming this afternoon in Dallas?
Add an event to my google calendar for the date march 22nd please
send email to <unk>
What color is a dragon fruit?
Turn on the rice cooker socket
that's enough, just cancel.
PDA how high is this mountain
Please tell me how many emails I have.
Did Prince have children?
lower the overhead lights
Make it brighter in here
I want to hear Snow by Red Hot Chili Peppers
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in Benton AR
How is this weeks weather
reply to name
Can we talk about good whisky?
Are there any new Snapchats?
upcoming events on list
Repeat schedule.
remind me 2 days before
Go to nytimes.com
clear last action.
hmm, i think not correct.
louder
Play next episode
it's nice one, appreciated.
House lights blue.
Olly, trending hot news topics.
NOTE DOWN IMPORTANT EVENT IN THIS WEEK.
Get news from FOX
uhh no, you gave me not correct information.
All lights colour to blue please
i have to done it on the post important music file
Olly, I feel like dancing, play me some rock n roll.
Move forward 2 minutes in this podcast.
would not mind for any one.
What is the recipe for chocolate chips?
Tell me if I can travel the whole world in a day
Hey Olly, place an event in my calendar to go to the dentist on Friday, April 7th at 450 Park Avenue, new york, ny, 11232.
Olly what shops are within ten miles?
Please find the radio station currently playing howard stern
s2, i couldn't quite catch that.
DELETE ALL DETAILS IN EVENT
Will you remind me of the dentist appointment I have in two hours?
Is Adele going to go on tour?
perfect response.
would not mind to select any one.
please would you rephrase me about your answers once again.
clear my 9 am alarms
On Friday please put dentist appointment at three.
Please play next episode of podcast.
please will you elaborate further on last sentence.
Tell me formula for area of circle
Book me a Uber for tomorrow night at 6 pm.
Create a meeting thursday afternoon for budget review
What time am I meeting John tomorow?
Enter 1pm meeting today with Joe Smith on my calendar
when my takeaway order will arrive?
What are the names of all my current lists?
what's happening this weekend
I would like all the lights on when I enter.
that does not really matter, olly.
the available lists
that's exact.
Would you like to play never have I ever?
How effective will be to buy NIKE stock
Please add this item to the list
Can you let me know the weather of Alabama tomorrow
what is the first 5 subjects in the email?
Turn up volume of music
Olly, create an even in my calendar.
Can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at 7am?
Please open my twitter app and find complaint section for Olive Garden.
Compose new email to <email address>
In 5 sentences let me know the procedure of making Thanksgiving Turkey
Can you tell me what's on the schedule for tomorrow?
What is the distance to the grand canyon.
Order a pizza from Pizza Express
A step by step guide for how to save music,
Is Julia Roberts married?
exchange rate I will get with foreign currency
Please remove dinner date scheduled for this Friday at 9pm.
java
Drop (sender) a line
search word synonym
Please tell me the current date
please check details.
Please load new e-mail for Bruce and send message now.
Is there any chances of rain this week.
sorry but you have messed up with the request.
What day of the week is the 23rd of this month?
i would like to hear what i have just said again.
please try what you've just said again.
Delete the song What If in my music.
What is the total number of Oceans in the world?
Play the young mummy's podcast.
Post a status on my twitter account
Olly, please start the coffee.
show me the most recent emails
Email my mother.
currency converter
Tell me more about the show.
i do not mind for any one, olly.
Show John's contact information
Set notification for news about the Dakota pipeline
list new emails
Whats needed to make pizza
Weather report of Boston
no, i think wrong response.
Set notification for news on the stock market
Play my favourite podcast
TOMARROW MY MOTHER BIRTHDAY
wake me up at 5:30
please will you rephrase further on what you have just said to me.
how much is admission to the local museum
Resume a song from the audiobook by Michael Jackson
Resume the song from the audiobook by The Beatles
would you shut off please.
Find me a recipe of spaghetti
What is the weather for the school week?
Can you pull up the Dave Ramsey podcast that aired on Monday.
you rock, thank you.
Please put Mary's birthday party on the 22nd at 7:00 pm.
Add new item to list.
no, i did not ask for it.
s1, please elaborate me on your answer again.
i want you to confirm the last thing said please.
Confirm a travel ticket to German.
excellent job, you have done well.
Tell me current time in Los angels
play episode 2 of
Schedule a reminder for 1pm for a board meeting
Order some takeaway food
i do not really bother, olly.
no, i think it was not the correct command.
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order.
How many songs did Michael Jackson write?
i dont want any alarms
I want to know what is this newsource reporting?
are you human?
Can I take food home here?
new policies
Send an email to juanpedro@gmail.com
Give me train times from station to location
which week is 23rd?
PDA name: how much long until xxxx arives at xxxxx station
here is a new email address to be added to the contacts
Open solitaire.  Play with me
nope, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
What is the weather condition today
Play Criket
Play back the last message
What list do I have
whats the name of the current song?
Show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
Tell me the nearest location.
would not really mind to select any one, olly.
Can I see the next episode of the podcast?
check detail please.
oh no, i did not say this.
at the company on twitter and complain to customer service in the tweet
no, you did not get the answer correctly.
you've done it correctly thanks, olly.
Tell me the weather in Shanghai
Hello Google, Play Baby One More Time.
Give me the birth details of Abraham Lincoln
start a game and play with me
whats was the value of x if x+2 = 5
Delete an first event of 22/03/2017
remove cart list
olly tell me about activities in my area this weekend
it is useful, thanks.
Please add an email to my contacts.
will you please explain me further on this.
Forward email address to my new email
Open the r/news subreddit on Reddit.
if there is event of show then remove it.
Please tell me the definition of home
I got drenched in the rain
whats the day today
Who are the best drummers in the world today?
convert 8:30 from GTM -4:00 to GMT 5:30
Let's make some popcorn and watch an old movie together.
What is that song playing in the background?
Alexa start email.
Make a new list
yeap exact response.
I would like the bathroom lights set to yellow.
it must be some mistakes.
i did not say it.
Show me the list of friends having birthday yesterday and I have not wished them.
Have I received any emails from Tim?
What time is set for my wake-up alarm?
new emails
I like the background song
hey siri give me a list of nearby shops
send voice email
Within the past 3 months how many meeting did I have with Mr. Richards
Get me the cheapest train ticket that will get me from Miami to Orlando and back.
Olly, what's new in the news?!
When is asparagus in season?
Please choose a game that you can play with me Olly.
I WANT YOU TO ANALYZE THE PATTERN FOR ME TO BUY LOTTERY TICKET WHICH NUMBER WILL GET THE FIRST PRIZE.
upcoming meeting
Send an email to my brother and say wedding anniversary
What are my next 3 events?
Is there a new mail from jay in the inbox ?
Can you do Name That Tune?
What level of education did Richard Nixon have?
repurchase last train ticket to philly <unk>
What is the exchange rate of Euro today to dirham
Stay quite
have no idea about what to do, olly.
oh no, wrong.
Can you please buy me a train ticket.
What was the subject of my last email to Tom?
Ok Google, where is the hottest place on earth
Look up information on Mount Rushmore
How's are the roads looking right now?
Send email to GBaby tell her GMa loves her and hopes she has a great weekend
Play the top 40 station with Rocket and Theresa
Should I wear winter boots when I go to the store?
Mute yourself until I say otherwise
I need to get a ticket via train to Orlando from Hollywood.
i am sorry but you did not get the response right.
Remind about daily medications
I want to eat something,will you order food for me?
this weeks weather forecast
Send email to family and tell them to bring the bug spray before coming to the park
I want to listen to WXYZ
Olly, is anything trending on social media today?
could you please confirm what i just said.
that's all, just stop it.
remove <unk>
this must be some mistakes.
What do I have scheduled today?
What day of the week is the 26th?
Did I recieve any emails from Tori?
alexa put an order in for 2 pizzas from dominoes
What is the headline from today's morning local news?
What is the traffic like now.
How much is a call per minute to Mauritania?
What does apple of my eye mean?
Weather, Boston, MA
you have done that right thanks, olly.
play my latest podcast
sorry but you got this incorrectly.
Please make the lights natural.
What is eighty seven minus fourteen?
Olly can you find a nice restaurant downtown?
Add Lee's birthday to the calendar on 22 June.
Olly play Criminal podcast.
s2, i was unclear about what you've just said.
Start radio channel x
Tell me later to file the invoice
current
I want to see the next Podcast available.
Clean the carpets.
show me what lists are available
Does byron's supports takeaways?
Let me know if Linda posts anything on my Facebook today
PDA, tweet a complaint to kohl's customer service
How cold will it be next Tuesday?
play 'love songs'
Remind me about my alarms today.
tell me what i have said again.
What is the weather this week for Miami
Reply to Beth's email tomorrow by telling her I wont be late
that's helpful, i appreciate it, olly.
please play the next song
wouldn't mind, olly.
that's awesome work, thank you very much.
is it going to rain tomorrow?
Tell me some joke.
i think you did task all wrongly.
Tell me about my upcoming events.
get ready for the meeting before the event starts
Can you turn off kitchen light for me
Can you erase the past event I visited?
Please open a reply to the email.
Give me tomorrow's weather update
What ingredients do I need to bake a large cake?
Turn up the brightness of the lights.
play music from where you left off
Olly good night, lights off
What time is it in Dubai?
I like this song.
I would like it to be able to tell if something is starting to burn and turn off the oven, stove, or microwave.
Remember that this is my favorite music.
Give me the morning news.
Is it thursday tomorrow?
whats a romantic meal for my girlfriend
that's awesome, thank you very much.
Wgat time is the train passing by
delete an item
sorry but that's not the right response.
Can you please book a train ticket for next saturday to boston?
Could you please lower the tone?
Remind me if anything else happens
I want you to play the radio
play fm
Add milk to my grocery list.
How is the weather?
Which day this week do I have plans?
what and how is india's economy at the moment?
Take away all events.
Tell me the latest stock of pepsi
i need to hear what i said again.
i like you check my last question please.
Show alarms
What is the phone number for the nearest location of Church's Chicken.
Delete the first item on the list
what is the weather like in new york
Please tell me what time is now in canada
is it {raining, sunny, etc. condition here} in {location} /here/ now?
locate information on john smith about his work location
Do I need a jacket today?
PDA please remove this event from my calendar
you've done it correctly musch appreciated.
find me the best recipe for some american style fluffy packcakes
Alexa, give me the headline news.
refresh with my instruction.
what's sensational in time of india.
How do I get to Dunkin Donuts in Atlantic City, NJ
Please play workout playlist.
have no idea for which to select, olly.
tweet mobile complaint to samsung
What is the title and artist of this song?
stock price for sprint
thanks for answer, olly.
continue to next podcast.
on january 25 set meeting for XXX
What is the latest update on the weather in Harrisburg Pennsylvania?
olly remind me about tomorrows meeting tonight
How busy is my schedule today?
what time is it in Sweden as we speak?
s1, please rephrase me on what you just said now once again.
put some music on
web searches
Start my Bible study book again.
play gaga playlist
w
show usd currency value of eur
Check the news.
Does Pink have a new baby?
Tweet complaint to Burger King
alexa PDR AM RADIO
recheck last action.
play x radio channel
be my clock
PDA please mute for 5 minutes
Mute sound from speakers.
Olly, turn on any song by tupac.
Schedule taxi pickup for Monday at noon.
Go to the last episode.
I had a car accident today
Can you shuffle the light colors in the house?
please add my birthday
you are so helpful, thank you so much, olly.
Hey PDA, sound is low can u tune it up?
search for Gary McNamara in radio
yeah fantastic response to command.
Register an event or a ticket
stop and try again.
Reming me tonight to pick up my dry cleaning at 8pm.
I no longer need the daily 5pm alarm.
I want to know the weather in Nashik.
please say it again.
what is playing at the local theater right now
yes excellent response to the command.
What time is it in New York City?
please can you confirm the command.
what time is the parade set for today
i am sorry but it was not the right command.
Is it raining in Boston
tweet consumer compalint
Did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends?
Play any song by Joe Prsaise.
please schedule a meeting with this person
What are the contents on my list?
What is the track information currently?
Get me some food!
whatever will be okay for me.
delete new year's eve from the calender
you are star, thank you so much.
How do I save money on groceries for family of 6?
Set volume to zero.
check for the color requirement
Get me the most recent news
i appreciate your asssistance, olly.
Send Ashmit his latest tech topics available.
play songs
need to carry a umbrella this evening?
s2, i couldn't get the last sentence.
Add a party in NY city for this saturday
please tell me the last one spoken one more time.
I need to buy a train ticket.
I dont want this list anymore.
Send a Hi to test2@gmail.com
Order two large pizzas and 2p pieces of hot wings from dominoes.
How many new emails have I gotten
turn off lights
please will you explain further on your words.
I want to go back
Please turn off the light of my son's room
Send email to tim@hotmail.com
PDA, play Poker Face by Lady Gaga
Read my grocery list
reply to Dad, write 'I will be late'
what is the latest on cnn
start vacuum cleaner
Are there any new snaps on Snapchat?
What are John's contact details?
Call and order pizza for delivery
What is the news on Donald Trump
<Show my alarms>
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
google uber
Increase the light a little.
olly i like you cancel it.
Adding meetings on particaur dates of calender
Just set me reminders about pending bill payments
Amazon deals
find geographic details of this place
can you confirm the question please.
what you have said is not so clear.
What have I got going on between 3 and 4pm today?
Please order me pizza and wings from papa johns now
consumer desk
go to contacts and add a new email to the list
notes
I want to find some good rock music.
I  would like to know the traffic condition
i don't understand what you just said now.
PDA: Olly...whats a new sci-fi movie?
Please tell me if I got any email recently
Latest news updations
Alexa, Play my favorites.
I want to post on LinkedIn.
Is there anything I can substitute for eggs in a recipe?
alexa what is the news in my area?
Can you play my music
please will you check and confirm it.
Do I have new email?
Remind me an hour before my next work meeting.
reach by mail to my family.
To listen music
How hot is it outside
will you cancel it please.
Remind me about the meeting in 1 hour.
Open all mails from Steffi.
Take me to MC Donalds
i have no idea.
Please let me know new emails from Michael
PDA what is the geology of this location
this is unimportant to me.
Turn off the upstairs lights.
Where can I shop around here?
How high is the S&P?
Send email to grandma, subject, Saturday, message, we are dropping by on Saturday. See you then!
much appreciated, olly.
Set my alarm for 6 am tomorrow.
Fast me the news of academy awards
Play me Harry Potter from the place I last stopped listening on.
please play {song title} by {artist}
turh the music lower
What voices has Alan Tudek played?
are there any cultural activities happening in newyork
Schedule a meeting event in my calendar.
s1, please once again clarify to me.
I need a taxi to take me to the airport Please.
uhh no, incorrect command.
Add a meeting at the office with Brian for 3:00PM on Tuesday.
What time does the festival start?
add event
please retweet this post on twitter
Dorothy needs to talk to me about our divorce. Can you please set up a meeting as soon as I am available?
Can you tell me the top news stories about the White House
PDA, What are the stock prices
Can I se a reminder for this week?
change the lights to dim
How do you feel after hearing Justin bieber's new album
Keep me informed about bitcoin price.
Is there anything i should know for my meetings this week?
once again elaborate me on your response please.
Play me Barcelona by Queen
yes it's confirmed.
Olly, how many calories is in an apple?
yes that's right.
i could not understand this.
what is current traffic in ohio
What year is it?
What time does the train leave Penn Station?
Is it going to rain on Saturday?
turn off lights in bedroom
I am tired
i would like to hear what i said again.
Which was longest river in the world
Adjust the lights to a lower setting please.
How many runs have Sachin Tendulkar scored?
Start a casual conversation
it is unimportant.
will you check what i just said.
Book a train ticket to boston tomorrow.
Where is my list
you have done that right thanks.
Olly, what should I watch today?
What's an easy recipe to cook for food
i need to confirm all meetings for today, can the invite person
how many likes did i get today
How much to buy stock in IBM?
teaa shop
I'd like Monday to remain open.
How tall is Hulk Hogan?
help me set a list of .....
play games
yeap you have gotten the command perfectly.
Set the alarm for 5 AM
Hello is this your first time here?
Play Michael Jackson
delete all events
Remove lunch with co workers on Thursday
Please set the alarm for next Friday at 6:30 am
What is exchance for the US and Euro
sorry but you have messed up the command.
Send a tweet to the local WaWa that their service is terrible at their Market St. location.
PDA what alarms do I have scheduled for tomorrow?
help me in knowing the background of person X
Start Roomba.
What's still on the list?
Give me a biography of Donald Trump
fantastic work, you did well.
Add note that my day is going well.
speak it one more again please.
hey siri what is in the world news right now
I don't want to take any more calls after 5pm
Please turn off the smart plug socket.
what is the weather in Beijing
Wake me up at 9 am.
play new songs by barenaked ladies
please cancel.
Email to Pawel regarding latest news
s1, please could you further explain me about it.
s2, i do not understand your answer.
open papa pear saga
Give me information about this song
i am sorry but you have messed up with the command.
Please add an event to my schedule
is there an appointment at 5pm?
please reset the last spoken.
Who do I think people will care
i am sorry but this is not the correct command.
Take note of my complaint and tweet to @consumer service.
Are there any local events being put on tonight?
Should I bring an umbrella today?
are there any electronics shops around white chapel in London?
Does my favorite restaurant do delivery?
wonderful response to the command.
Is it too hot for pants
Save this song to playlist
i think incorrect command.
How cold is it in Anchorage, Alaska?
Remind me every year/week/month on this date of
s1, will you please further rephrase me about what you said now.
clarify more on your answers please.
what you have just said was not so clear.
that wasn't what i expected.
confirm the details please.
Play some tunes
Very hectic
share post on my phone on facebook alexa
i don't really mind to choose any one.
Send a Tweet
All I ever want to hear is rap.
What is the time difference between eastern and pacific time zones?
ARE YOU SOLVE MY MATH ?
Am I booked for something?
Add a meeting with... to my calendar and...
who sung this?
turn on the roomba
Give me the time in PST
i am sorry but i think this was not the right response.
Disable wemo socket
i would not mind for whatever, olly.
open a new list for me
Unmute the speaker now
I need the time of day.
Play some tracks by Michael Jackson.
i appreciate answers.
what music is currently playing
Vaccum the mud room
Change the overhead light to orange.
Show me all the emails received recently
delete this list
Plesae tune in to Channel 9 FM
olly could you shut down.
Too Much PDA
Mute my speakers for a minute here I need to make a call.
I ran 5 miles today
can you play m3 file
where is my 12pm meeting today happening?
let us start over.
PDA, What is my schedule for June 14th 2017?
What is the definition of plethora?
what we got in that meeting which held yesterday.
yeah you did answer perfectly.
it's not the right answer.
i would not really mind for any one, olly.
what is the distance from my current location to downtown Toronto?
turn on the roomba for me
Turn off the light in the bathroom
Start playing again.
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
olly put my doctors appointment on the calendar
Olly, play 'The Two Towers'
Olly, Play Heavyweight podcast
I want to listen to soft rock.
would you try again please.
weather of chicago
Train times at Gary Station going toward Fort Wayne today
Olly, what Apple trading at?
What am I up to this weekend?
you have done it right thank you, olly.
Need an alarm set for Sunday at 5 in the morning
take item off list
whats the weather like
stock company name
Plan a meeting with John on 21 Mar at 11 AM
show mobile number of john
Olly, today wore me out
Filter all arijit singh sad song and save or create playlist of sad songs of arijit singh
send an e-mail
PDA, I want to listen to a joke.
Remind me about the meeting tomorrow at 2 p.m.
you have understood it perfectly.
Do I have an appointment on x day?
What is the date and time?
Switch all lights off except living area
no, i think this was not the correct answer.
Add spent five dollars in my expenses list.
yeah you've gotten command perfectly.
My this song for me
What is the plan for tonight?
say joke
top model car.
can you retry.
Has Amy sent me any new emails?
Can you clear the next event?
list albums of rihana
do not really mind for any one.
would you confirm the question.
How tall is Jennifer Aniston?
it's too quiet in here
Does this restaurant only do carryout?
How many unread messages have i got PDA?
When is Halloween?
Search Order of the Green Hand podcast number 300
please remove item a from my list
OK Google, I need to hear sound on my speakers.
Abdul kalam president
PDA, Which part of the country has tropical forest?
Please reset my calendar back to day one.
Please remove apples from my grocery list
Play 88.9
What's the highest mountain in Italy?
Can you play a song by Aerosmith?
would you clarify further on it to me please.
Play me some podcasts about getting rich quick.
open recurring
List lists
change color
Please remove list
you are my hero, thank you so much.
i think you messed up with my command.
would like to know the description of abject A.
Tell me the locations of my meetings for today.
please could you tell me one more again.
What's the stock price of (insert)
How much does Jennifer Aniston make?
Please continue reading The Hunger Games.
How do I buy tickets for that?
you have got my instructions perfectly.
Set my alarm for <insert time>
What is the subject of latest email I got, and who sent it?
i would like you confirm it please.
send 'will do. thanks' to john as a reply to his last message
it seems like your response you have gotten was incorrect.
Olly speak loudly
you are awesome, thanks.
Play Magic run after 30 min.
Where is my order?
Is there any new information regarding the Mexican-American border wall?
Send me current news for the day
Make a coffee please.
Play Rein in Blood by Slayer at five AM tomorrow to make sure I actually wake up.
What is the coldest country on earth
olly could you just cancel please.
Olly, should I wear my gloves or not?
i will need warm socks in winter in morning
When is Christmas?
I think I ran out of this can you add it to my list?
Olly, how much can chris helmsworth bench press?
Order Chinese from China Spring - wonton soup and a small beef and broccoli.
IS THE DATA PREFERS ANY PROBLEMS IN OBJECTS
seems like the response was not correct.
Alexa create a new playlist.
Tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long.
PDA please schedule all my doctors appointments
you are my star, musch appreciated, olly.
olly can you shut off.
call XXX
Delete upcoming event
please will you shut up.
I want to hear a book by Torey Hayden
THIS MAY BRINGS GIVEN OF THESE PROBLES TO US
Just let me know the important appointments with dealers over the week
Is this song Ed Sheeran?
that is useful, thanks.
PDA name: give me my latest email
Can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at x time?
buying of groceries new lsit
Send an email to Dad about the weather for the week.
would much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Make a note of my doctor's appointment on Wednesday next week.
How far away is the nearest rest stop?
hi,please send mail to sam by evening
Let's hear WXYZ
Which rom-com movie can I watch in theatres around New York
What are the headlines on the New York Times?
My favorite singer is shakira
Will you please play the next episode of podcast.
i would not really mind, olly.
PDA please check this companies stock
What is the population of the world
Play The Circle
Look up the current time in new york city.
lights out
I need to add this new contact for Sam Smith ssmith@yahoo.com.
sports head lines pls
What are the lyrics to this song playing
HOW THE PEOPLE ARE SUFFERING HOW YOU WOULD HELP
PDA what do i have planned for this week
Dim the living room lights
Who is Taylor Swift?
Turn my smart plug socket on.
cancel birthday party
Olly prepare my coffee
How's the restaurant's delivery going?
olly would you shut off.
what time do I have a doctors appointment on the 22nd
At what time is my appointment with dentist scheduled
Please Play only sad song in music player.
Save this song in my favorites.
i want to drink the coffee that you made
what is new today
Add my sister visiting to my family calender.
Play playlist WORKOUT
you are helpful, thank you.
oh it's excellent.
Can you shut off my bedroom light?
i am sorry but it is not right.
What will be the weather 3 days from now in 5 major cities near me.
Remind me to contact old friends that I have not talked with in 6 months before they pass
Hey olly play the latest somgs from playlist
oh no, i didn't say it.
I need a taxi to pick me up at the house and take me downtown.
customer service complaint
On the day project one is due, does my daughter have a recital?
Read my todo list?
The radio should play only on 99.9 FM.
increase volume by one
can not get what you have just said.
that's helpful, musch appreciated.
got me incorrectly.
it's cool, appreciated.
I want to send a tweet to United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
Remove all my meetings for the rest of the week.
run over my to do list with me
Erase my next event
s1, please can you elaborate me further on this.
will you check and confirm detail please.
Turn on silent mode until my alarm goes off.
Olly, give me a description of Iron Fist on netflix.
Tell me about new emails.
Will it be over 90 degrees tomorrow?
i think the response was incorrect.
Tell me about...
Will it be warm enough after lunch to not need my jacket?
Calendar invite for breakfast with Sarah at 8am
person xy oscar for which film
Can you add this event with Joey?
Ok Google, what happened to Katy Perry?
Play a Nirvana playlist
where is hallway?
Robotic sentience
Find ... podcast and play it.
schedule city cab from home to airport at 8 a.m.
Please set the vacuum to start going now.
Show volume settings
Please play songs in music player only Arijit singh's.
Will I need to shovel my driveway this morning?
Save chhana mereya song in my playlist
Tweet a negative review to @companyname
song next please
What are the showtimes of Logan
weather on tuesday
What event do you suggest for me tonight?
How can I go to the place?
i'd like you check what i last said please.
Do I have any events going on this weekend?
PDA: Did anyone send me any new emails in the last hour?
PDA What's Jesse's Address?
it's cool, thank you very much, olly.
How is the traffic from home to work
Please pull up the article on dog sitting in the morning news.
Create new list for baby names
I do not  want to use the socket anymore
what does a banana look like
Play for me The Beatles song from Audiobook
PDA please adjust the colors in my lights.
How long will my lunch meeting be on Tuesday?
Training Day
What do I have going on next week?
start a miley cyrus station
Please put bread on the grocery list
any one would be good for me.
Don't let me forget Rover's vet appointment on the 25th.
could you please play this programme for me
Show me my last 2 emails
what alarms do I have PDA?
play angry bird
read email from julia
Send an email to Susan an write
Echo, tell me about Martin Luther King Jr.
How old is...
train times to..
could you please help me in listening to the radio.
Add a meeting With Francine for 2pm tomorrow
please confirm what i just said.
does Arby's do takeaway
Play for me the music by Michael Jackson
Whats the average temperature in Mangalore for this week
play 93.5 fm
play fishing podcasts that are favorited
Olly, give me the average 5 year stock price of home depot.
PDA, Give me the recipe for this food.
Latest New on international women's day
Give me recent emails.
Should I carry an umbrella with me today?
Set alarm for this event reminder repeating for 10 times.
Please start the playlist Huey Lewis and The News.
i want you just stop.
shit, it isn't what i was searching for.
Compose a mail for jack
I dont want to carry an umbrella, will we have rain today?
Tell me when Martin Luther King Jr was born
please fix that command.
it isn't what i just requested.
Please resume my music
What's going on here ?
olly please would you shut down.
Are you batteries all charged up and ready to go?
Do I have anything on my honey do list?
yo, Olly, I need a coffee now
Find information on today's stocks
can you check the detail.
Turn off the room lights.
could you stop please.
You like the song?
I would like you to add an email to my contacts.
you did the task all wrongly.
The 2nd of next month lands on what day?
Turn off my desk lamp.
Place a recurring occurence in my calendar.
person xy birthday
Remind me of my meeting tomorrow 10:00 in the morning.
Start a pot of coffee, please.
shut down please.
What is the latest news on global warming
why do some poeple still think the earth is flat
you have done it right thank you.
Record what happened today
book Ola for airport today evening.
Olly do I have any emails from Robert
Send tweet to Wallmart
reshuffle and play music
I want topics on latest news
i'd like to hear what said again.
Tell me what's going on in my city
color the lights red
What is Channing Tatum's Birthday?
List shops in Douglasville GA
please tell me it one more time.
traffic please
ABOUT DEMOUDULARITY
Can you search for me?
what did you just say.
I would want you to tweet for me at India Consumer Complaints Forum regarding the late delivery of gas cylinder.
What are the titles of the lists in contacts?
rewind button
I am interested in what emotions are conveyed in Grateful Dead music
PDA what time is it in Austin?
will you check that please.
Who is Jennifer Aniston married to
olly i want you just stop.
send an email to 'rohit' saying 'I am busy tommorrow'
PDA what's on the calendar today?
Play me the most popular podcast on iTunes.
Start the robot vacuum cleaner.
Recent advice concerning Google SEO
I'm going to bed, play Dr. Demento on the radio.
Please tell me what the world news headlines are.
send a notification to friend
can you retry please.
What is 5 divided by 1
please will you check that.
how many contacts do I have in my phone book?
Who is Arnold Schwarzenegger
set list
What is 6 divided by 2
you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
Olly, add lunch appointment with Lisa to January 2nd at 12:30pm
Does Spain share its border with Morrocco?
upcoming events in calendar
Change my plan, erase my next event
Can you play some Jazz
s2, i am unclear about your answer.
Convert current time from IST to EST
tell me the time n india
Give me the description of a mobile battery functioning
speak all items for to day
no, not right response.
Load Sirius and play a rock and roll show.
what going on, PDA?
What's going on with the Trump budget proposal?
Do I need to wear sunscreen today?
Info
Olly make me a cup of coffee
Check out my to do list.
Show me whats happening
Raise speaker volume
Can you find me a furniture store near me?
How much money in US would I need to have a thousand pesos?
yeap you've understood my instructions correcly.
Please save the remarks I have on this current song.
topic
Remind me to fill college's application form every two days from now
Find me the local NPR station.
Tell me about Mary S
ok google! what is the weather where i am at today
Ask for the weather today evening
August 15th is what day of the week
Please provide the contents of the list
would you check my last question please.
Which lists are present in the notes app?
where is my gf right now
that was useful, musch appreciated.
which is the nearest restaurants available
can you please check what last said.
Get the next episode.
i want to hear what you've just said again.
check if there are new emails
How do we organize against Trump?
Please increase the volume to maximum
Order a medium pizza with pepperoni and bacon on its
biography of person
give me news on president trump
Please note on song title, good tune.
pda remind me about my eye exam at Walmart on the 26th.
Add dinner with my sister on March 18th
Start playing Thinking Out Loud now
Ho wlong should I cook a steak to achieve medium rare?
What's the weather in Portland?
what is the weather right now outside?
Which currency is greater the US dollar or Yen?
Turn off the lights
Do not play rock metal
Please add oranges to my grocery list.
tell me about the meeting i have this week
s2, i was unclear about your words.
Respond to email
Please play Hallowed be thy name
brighten my bedroom light
west side races
no, you gave me incorrect information.
Is it worth driving 10 miles from here to save money on gas?
Raise lights to full power
you've done it correctly thank you very much.
which bank will give better rate for currencies I have
what you are telling is no more applicable.
Is it going to rain later?
would you elaborate me on what you've said once again.
mute audio
What's the time now?
check all new emails in my inbox
When is Bruno Mars coming to Sacramento?
please say what you've just said once again.
Can I tell you about my day?
post this pic to facebook
please make the lights watching friendly
is there any salon in babaji nagar
Who is the current Prime Minister of Russia
Tell me about celebrity
no, it is not what i wanted.
Please summarize the latest George R R Martin Ice and Fire book.
i want to hear a funny joke
Find a taxi service close to me.
How many emails do I have?
Send an email to Bob
Play electronic dance music after this one
it's good one, appreciated.
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of recipe?
Definition of computer
hockey
Tell me who will win the next presidential election.
What is the temperature I am supposed to cook this lasagna at?
Is there a 5pm train on Wednesday to Rockville?
start next podcast
Start my folk song list right after this song
what's date today
stop and do it again.
olly how do you BBQ chicken
Play Irene from TobyMac
Please play radio
How do I make peanut butter cookies?
Will the weather be less than 10 degree in (Specific City) ?
What is the weather next week in Pasadena, CA?
any one is good for me.
brad pitt
Look up news articles about Trump
weather at the moment.
Remove that event from my calendar
yeah you got your understanding perfectly.
Set the volume to low.
Hey Olly, send a meeting invite to Mr. Ross for this Friday's meeting and block my calendar for Friday afternoon.
I like 70s music.
yeah strongly agreed.
repeat please.
Are there any emails from Cassie about Tom?
When is my brunch with Jennifer?
yeap exactly.
please explain me on what you've said further.
perfect job, you've done well.
PDA what is the answer to...
Start Pandora.
Alexa, please save the current song to favorites.
check my email messages
local events
Remove all scheduled TW meetings from the calendar please.
What events are happening between 2-4pm today?
MAIN APNE SPEAKER KA VOLUME KAM KARNA CHAHTA HU.
Ok Google, what's the largest continent?
Ok Google, is the dollar stronger than the pound?
Switch off the plug socket
Check my mailbox and let me know if there is any mail post 7:00AM today
add a new event to my calendar
tell me speed to go sun
remind me at 1pm
appreciated.
Did i get an email from FedEx?
Set a reminder that I have to visit my father tomorrow.
are you serious.
Siri, what does obstacle mean?
PDA when is Dale's birthday?
clear all events on my calender
play the song
shut up please.
What's the weather like outside?
How old is Marian Carey?
i think that's not right command.
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
Did Rosa ever reply to my email about the Global Warning Meeting?
Add my mom to calendar for Monday brunch.
Am I on vacation this week?
Pause the music
Send a tweet to Samsung saying my washer is not working.
How are you?
what did you say.
olly, I saw a bulldog today
Are there any pending appointments this morning?
Can we turn up the lights?
Where is Mt. Rushmore Located?
I would like it to easily keep an inventory and tell me when I'm running low on something.
find map
list emails for last hour
Music on PDA.
50 cent
it's excellent job, thank you very much.
Learn to cut potatoes correctly
i do not care, olly.
What is the temperature right now in New York?
Please note I like jazz and hate disco
please make sure your command was correct because it doesn't sound right.
olly that is enough, stop.
Morning, what's up?
Can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
find  unread emails recieved from Peter today, Olly
Hello,  I would liek to know whether you provide home delivery services?
show me the previous episode
Please shut off the kitchen lights.
did you make a mistake.
get rid of item on the list
thanks for the helping, olly.
weather report of the week
WOULD BE GIVE EXCHANGES ANY OF THESE PROBLEMS
i would like you to confirm the detail please.
Recommend a movie with Justin Bieber.
check outlook
i want to hear again.
can you check that.
ah it's amazing work.
How much is the dollar worth in Canada?
Anything interesting happening next Friday?
Who is singing the song I am listening to right now?
yeap please.
can you tell me today's date?
i want to hear that things spoke again.
How do I find the hanging tree?
Where is volume setting
yes you have done answer exactly.
Bring up my current provider information.
I want to hear some local talk radio.
sorry but this was not the right response.
Change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
do i need my tire pressure checked
is it gonna be cloudy
schedule a chat with Adam on Thursday afternoon
How to Increase income source.
chear me up.
Show all train and time to Ny
Delete the next event today
would not mind for whatever.
Is tomorrow a holiday?
Do you have a funny joke for me?
what is the time in milwaukee?
Tweet Amazon about my package never arriving on time.
i want to hear what you have said again.
run indian folk song
sorry but you didn't get it correctly.
Remind me of the meeting with my Teacher today by 5pm.
will you do it again.
how we will get digital document
How many grams are there for a cup of butter?
i am sorry but that's not the correct answer.
reply to Johns email by saying yes I can.
what is the hottest temperature of alaska in June alexa
Pause the audiobook.
its raining.
any one would be fine for me.
Play anything from Metallica.
Can you please let me know the next four scheduled trains to Chicago?
thanks but i think you have me wrongly.
Please tweet @Nike my pants ripped after the first wash #nothappy
Olly has David got back to me yet?
play x together
Remind me to tweet at this company
radio 95.5
Has Cassie sent me any emails about Tom?
hi, what is going on today.
oh my god why did you do that.
Book me a train ticket to Chicago for tomorrow morning before 10.
that's cool, musch appreciated, olly.
Please send the new intern an email.
Alert me when the outside temperature reaches 68 degrees
put on a pot of coffee
play heart N soul
how is the weather of this place
play the next show on podcast.
open the country favorites playlist and play it on shuffle
For how much time should I oven pizza to make it perfect crispy.
best ticket price air/plane/bus to city x on date y
add date and time in calender with these people
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
who was the 32 president
Open reply
Olly, Describe the feaures of a 2017 toyota 86 for me.
How do i go to Athens by train?
s1, further rephrase me on last sentence please.
Give me the definition of formidable.
I'm done with today's to-do list.
Create a list of jewels to be bought
Angelina Jolie spouses
vacuum the living room in 10 minutes
you have gotten that perfectly.
Tell me about the schedule.
Are there any alarms currently set.
What's going on tonight in Sacramento
Access recipe book please?
Get rid of the Wednesday list
Let my cable company know that I hate it.
What to do today
you have understood my instructions perfectly.
Read upcoming event's
To-do list for today, please.
shuffle music by aaron carter
remind me at the time of the event
qwetqwtwqt
What is the exchange rate for Mexico money
Reset my locations list
Google, How hot does water need to be to boil?
Play next episode of podcast please.
News headlines
it's useful, thank you.
Please note today a terrible things happened to me because my friend behaved rudely on me.
Are there new emails for me?
Add the following date and time to my calendar
Google I need to call my mom will you check her work number for me.
wait, it's not the correct command.
What is the current state of Brexit negotiations?
thanks for doing that.
Whose song is this, PDA?
Alexa, exchange rate for converting 1000 dollar to euro?
please could you check details.
How do you define problematic?
How do I bake a potato?
What is on the agenda for the 4PM meeting with Joe?
I need to know why girls are so different to man, explained as science man
Play the most popular music from the seventies
send email to Martha saying last evening was wild
i like you check it please.
Set a notification for sports game.
explain in brief about fish fry
Does this song belongs to the classic
PDA, train time from brooklyn to queens.
Let me know what Maria has put on her FB over the weekend
no, that's not the correct command.
s1, will you please further explain me about what you said.
Olly tell me more about todays weather news from fox
Call Peking Garden
olly will you just stop it please.
alexa when will mankind reach the singularity?
further clarify what you just said please.
Turn lights off in kitchen.
exchange euro to dollar
what is the weather in this week
Olly, what's next?
can you confirm the details please.
please remove sporty event from list.
Remind me to call mom every Tuesday at 10 AM.
will you retry it please.
How many Oscars has won Meryl Streep?
Check to see if I have any new emails from...
answer
Play my music
Stop 7am alarm
Is it going to rain on Monday?
Resume play of American Gods.
Set a reminder for 5pm tomorrow.
Alexa compose email.
Let's play
Please start new list
What is the current stock price for Hasbro?
find train ticket
Please play some jazz misic
i did not quite catch that.
Turn my bathroom plug socket on.
fantastic work, you have done well.
speak it once again please.
Add every girl life by Evelyn Mayer to the must read list
How do I prepare all my food for cooking?
what's on my agenda?
Television
What is the weather going to be like today?
I want to listen to today's hits
What is the recipe for
Who wrote this song?
play david bowie playlist
It is already late.
Turn on Pandora
I want a PDA not only to direct me to an internet site, but actually answer any given question
Please add supervision to my calendar
please would you check and confirm what said.
Olly can you convert my time zone to the timezone I'm currently in?
Please increase the volume of the music Hips don't lie.
display list of recent emails
s2, i was not so clear about what you said now.
What's going on in the world right now?
Book 3 round trip train tickets for Sunday at 7pm, return ticket of next week Sunday at 8am
PDA please send a complaint tot someone
xy wikipedia facts
Cortana, what song is playing on Windows Media Player?
trash file 01
What is the weather going to be this weekend?
play the latest song Adele
Play for me Michael Jackson song from audiobook
really i wouldn't mind.
i would like you to confirm the question please.
Delete the last phrase.
you are so helpful, musch appreciated.
that is all, stop it.
More lights please
any news on the beatles
update my list
Remind me every 1st of the month.
play miley cyrus radio
Tweet a complaint
yeah you've done your understanding exactly.
PDA how do you cook Black Eye Pea?
will you retry please.
What does obsessed mean?
it is unimportant for me.
Olly, Whats the exchange rate of 1 dollar in mexico?
I want to know what time it is.
I pick up raincoat today with me or not.
Remove all alarm of sunday
Turn off the kitchen lights
Play my chillhop playlist
Please change the colour of the lights. I'll tell you when to stop
open song name
How many alarms do I have set for morning hours between 6 and 9 am
Please Delete next Meeting Arora's Namkeen owner.
play my most played songs
how long does it take to fly to china
synonym of word
s1, again explain to me please.
Google can you book me a ticket on the train for tomorrow.
i am sorry but i think you did not interpret the command right.
hmm, i think incorrect answer.
Tell me a play lust
What movies are showing in cinema today
musch appreciated, it's good work.
How long will it take to get to Austin, TX?
i was unclear about the last sentence.
refresh email
Get rid of
go to menu
thanks but i think that's not the correct answer.
please do it again.
Get rid of tax list from 1990.
tell me distance between sun and moon
play a rock.
what day of the week is novmber 14th
it's helpful,.
s1, could you elaborate me further on this please.
Is WIllie Nelson still alive?
Send an email to my family wishing them a happy holiday
i need a recipe of Veg pulav
start play road rash
show me upcoming events in the quad cities
espn
I want to remove @ from list
Set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
Talk with me only in riddles.
Give me the description about Smartphone
what time is the last train headed to Chicago
Remove alarm of 6 AM on Tuesday.
book xy play
send email 'how are you dad?' to dad
Google I need one train ticket to New York can you book that for me.
What day of the month is Fat Tuesday?
please turn down the volume
Should i take my raincoat with me now
i would not really know, olly.
What day this year has the longest daylight time
please will you check it.
What was the temperature in Newyork this morning
hmm, this was not what i said.
I wish it could give me advice
Is it raining in New Brighton, PA?
I'm going to sleep now
can you tell me one more time again please.
oh no, it was not what i am looking for.
turn the lights higher
What was the news for March 4th 2017?
Hey Olly, place an event in my calendar to go to soccer practice on Friday, April 21st at 1190 Whale Avenue, New York, NY, 11292.
Give me the time in Phoenix, AZ
is it anyones birthday
personal data assistants
Give me the stock price of Sony
it is unimportant, olly.
What day of the week is the 21st of MAy?
Is there any type of festival going on in town this weekend?
is there any post from my friend Mike in facebook
send 'thank you so much mom' to mom
please rephrase me more on what you said now.
Tell me a joke about birds.
What is an electronic emissions system?
say one more time again please.
Plant-based news
dammit, i think you made some mistakes, please change that.
I have a meeting by 2 pm today, please remind me.
Turn off my smart plug socket in 30 minutes.
What is the definition of Business?
it was useful, appreciated.
What year was Mark Wahlberg born?
reset.
PDA, send an email for me.
has April the giraffe had her baby
can you please clarify me more on your answers.
Please book a ticket form Jaipur to Mumbai on Tuesday.
who is the latest sender?
Can you read me my next reminders?
Slightly raise the light.
famous person biographies
Please create a new list
make next podcast episode to play
would you tell me one more again please.
Add Mike's birthday on March third to my calendar.
Play playlist 1
Find me a podcast on wrestling.
Lets listen to the playlist
Can u tell me a latest news
would you again clarify me about your answer please.
geo info
can you confirm my last command.
confirm the order and send me the confirmation
i would like it to help with coding/debugging
can you feel?
yeah strongly agree.
Pull up my party palylist.
begin again book xy
I want to wake up at 6:00 am tomorrow please
email Chris, add following content
Can you upload my latest selfie in my social media?
Open Twitter send This is my complaint @Microsoft
How much does one share of stock in Lego cost?
uhh no, i think you have done task all incorrectly.
thank you for your answers.
Get recipe for making a hotdog
can you define conservative politics
could you please again clarify your answer to me.
PLEASE TELL ME ABOUT WHEN SINGAPORE GOT FREEDOM.
Do I have any pending reminder
define yourself in one word.
What time do I need to be at the train station for my ride to Austin, TX?
open contacts
Play IPL 2017
Doller rate
Find me some celebrities that are capricorns.
Remove this from the list
add 'christmas' to calendar
don't care.
Are there any delays in traffic today?
shit, i didn't ask for that answer.
Is the weather ok in Sydney?
Show me the answer for this problem 246 + 654
Where is the event venue?
add 'happy new year' to calender
Please set a reminder for church services on Sundays for 11am.
today's news
I need new list to be created, Do it now
yeap you've understood it correcly.
Need a taxi tomorrow at 8 in the morning
I want the status on my screen brightness
I am really feeling depressed right now, can you please play my most played songs to cheer me up?
get the answer perfectly.
john marriage anniversary
tweet about cold pizza to papa johns
and the darkness has fallen
i want to listen to some gospel music
complaint tweet to Microsoft.
How are you doing today?
alexa What are AMD stock prices
Turn down the brightness.
Let me know if I get a new personal message from Martha on Facebook today
Show me the last episode.
cancel all alarms
Tweet complaint to Pizza Hut
Place order of one pizza.
Play selected music.
do i have any emails about chemistry
Enter atdfd@yahoo.com into my contact list
What is the weather like today?
Resume the song from the audiobook by Michael Jackson
show me the information of friend
Hey Olly, what do you store about me?
Let me know any updates about new Trump cabinet appointments
What is the recipe for ...
How do I cook that meal
Michael Jackson family background.
give me update on news
Is Mary Smith in my contacts list?
topography melbourne
will you check and confirm the details please.
PLEASE TELL ME HOW MANY INVENTIONS DID THOMAS ALVA EDISON INVITE?
s2, this was not so clear.
Please send a taxi to my house
path to hallway!
1PM REMOVED 1AM SET
exact response to the command.
Remove vegetables from the list
thanks but this is not the right response.
Tell me about this week's weather.
Show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
PDA can you remind me to go to the corner store on Tuesday.
could you again elaborate me on your answers please.
Sing to me
New ultra model car.
Describe Heaven
nope, you didn't understand what i just requested.
Define this object.
list phone and email id of Robert, Olly
any one would be fine.
Olly, go back to the podcast before
What is the first Metro to DC?
Repeat this event every Friday on my calendar.
Make a reminder at 1PM every Monday until I I remove it.
search for information on internet
stop, i think that's not the correct command.
i did not understand your words.
Weather, San Antonio, Texas
what is the day on 23rd march
send email to family saying I love you all
Set the alarm off
movies making money.
Is it a soft evening tonight?
Remove noodles from the list
Please tweet @PizzaHut I've been waiting for my delivery for 85min now #nothappy
Open a reply message
Book me Golden Taxi for today at 5pm.
please would you confirm what i said.
Start podcast from my favorites list
Who do I have a meeting with on January 19th in the afternoon?
s2, i did not quite catch up with you.
Please add this song to work out playlist
A.R. Rahman
tell me about Rock.!
What do I have to do next?
Get in contact with (sender) on email
What's trending on Twitter?
PDA send email to Carl that I will be late for work tomorrow.
Give me the schedule.
Turn off the light in my room after 30 minutes
Is there anything to do with quinoa to make it not taste awful?
Turn on my first scheduled alarm
When is the next train to London?
you did it all wrongly.
i like you check and confirm last thing i said please.
Book a taxi to start from here
Siri what is the elevation of Denver Colorado?
this is of no importance with me.
How old is Carrie Underwood?
Repeat the music
it's great one.
WHAT IS THE DATE NEXT SATURDAY?
d
is there any special in politic
Tell me a good doctor joke.
i want to meet with sara tomorrow alexa
what did you just say in the last conversation.
Life
thank you for your help, olly.
your response is not clear.
Olly, define the word 'novel'.
Did I get any new emails today from Claire?
is my daughter's play friday night?
thats the date
Reduce the light power
Has John sent me a reply via email yet?
kill all the frogs you see, PDA.
Please send an email to the following email address <insert address here>
lower the volume 10%
Should I take a sweater or a coat to work today?
Time time is the holiday party at the office?
Refresh my inbox and inform me about new emails
no, you've done this all in wrong manner.
that's fantastic job, thank you so much, olly.
What's the most popular story on my Facebook newsfeed?
open contacts and find John smith
reserve the closest uber
I need two pizzas STAT!
tell me the time in Moscow
show local events
What's new in news express
its peaceful
Set meeting witch jack on 10 march
pls change timezone to india
What does today's schedule look like?
Resume The Art of War
Book Uber for tonight at 7pm
Olly, rotate the light colors.
running competitions on the west side
start the podcast application
Add detergent to the list of things I need to buy.
If I have $20 how many Francs is that?
jazz
Remind me that I have an appointment 12 o clock on saturday
What are my lists so far?
appreciate your helping, olly.
tune in to Bob and Tom
What day of the week was December 4, 1982?
i could not get this.
Do I have anything going on Saturday at 5pm?
How many calories are in a serving of grapes?
i think you did a task all wrong.
Tell me if i have any unread new emails
Is there is a High traffic?
Make a laundry setting for the volume at 20.
tell me about Donald Trump
When is the next holiday?
Olly, find me a taxi.
@NikeSupport I need some assistance regarding some shoes I bought last week.
What is today's weather forecast?
remove my to do list
s2, this was not clear.
Given me the exchange rates between USD AND INR
Do I have a new email from Eric?
What is Nicole McGoat's net worth?
you do not understand what i just said.
Hello PDA, Bring up my lists.
I like rock music
coding tutorial
Did Dan send me any emails?
Can you do me a favor, my eyes are feeling strained on these lights, can you please change it to a cooler tone?
What was the content of message sent by Matt?
please shut down.
Remove the 2nd row from the list
i think you did task wrong.
Set reminder to print the documents on Tuesday morning
What time is my eye doctor appointment on the 23rd?
Please turn down the lights
What is the local weather forecast for the next seven days
show me events that are going on right now
retry.
what day is the 22nd
Play the radio on 99.9 FM only.
Are there any new emails in my inbox right now?
show me recent news on particular subject
Get rid of Mike Stein from Contacts list
cancel event
Cortana, please turn the lights up.
play YouTube playlist blank
Robot Vacuum cleaner on.
After this song, play Atomsphere.
really do not mind.
Please remove all items on my calendar
Who sent me email today and what was the subject?
please could you check and confirm last thing i said.
thanks but you have understood this wrongly.
I want to hear x playlist next
Which are the games lined up for this weekend in the English Premier League?
How many teeth does Ryan Reynolds have?
Clap on!
show upcoming local events
that is not what i am searching for.
confirm the detail please.
Schedule event for every Wednesday
What time are my alarms set for?
Where is Ashwin?
i wouldn't really bother, olly.
try out in wikipedia
Book for me a train ticket to New York
you did good job, thanks.
dammit, not right response.
Listen to this song.
Turn on a song
What is the fastest route to my grandmother's house?
thanks but i think you made a mistake.
My events
Please rate current song as five stars.
what is the date today?
Erase my whole calendar.
What music is currently playing on 99.9FM?
tweet a complaint to local municipality
i think it's not the correct answer.
Go to the Washington post website
Please turn on my robot vacuum cleaner
Book train to LA
play music from playlist
i would like to hear the last one spoken again.
Olly, Hot and sweet. Soy based.
Don't talk
Take me to the most popular radio channel.
hi, how was your day today?
What day is Easter?
Brighten the lights in the hallway
yes you've got the command exactly.
Is there any program for tomorrow evening.
What is the increase in stock value over the past week of Disney?
Get coffee maker started for a fresh cup.
PDA please write to this email
can you check what i said please.
improve volume clarity
PDA, Set an 8:00 AM alarm for next Tuesday.
How do I steam rice?
oops, you're wrong.
olly i need a drink
would you check detail please.
Go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection.
can you delete the dentist appointment?
what is the plan for a day
can you please further explain me about that.
Hey Olly what time is it in London now
remove my 8 pm alarm and set it to 7 pm
you did answer exactly.
Please send the email to abc@gmail.com instaed of xyz@gmail.com
how far in steps is home from here
Turn on my playlist of country music.
what time does the train were on arrive at the next station?
IT MUST BE TASTE
how many hours gone from midnight on  city.
I want to here song x
Set the reminder for upcoming meeting
What is job title of Jan Medvesek?
broadcast a video in youtube
something
please can you check and confirm the details.
add a meeting with my mother for next sunday
tell me the election result of u.p which was to come today.
how long its take
Is there snow in the forecast?
what is the capital of new hampshire?
Do I have any new email from Joe?
check any emai if i got from rohan.
Ask your Network
uhh no, that isn't what i just said.
i don't understand your words.
add in an event
go to the podcast and play the next episode in ____
reply back to emily
Tell me how to go Bali without airplane with lowest cost option, time doesn't matter I have 200 days  travel time and Only $5000 to spend.
I need some details about celebrity X, please assist.
Please continue with the next podcast episode
delete the Richard's wedding event next year
Is it sunny outside at this moment?
i think this was not correct.
How much is $X worth in...
moderate
PDA is it snowing?
i am unclear about that.
remind me at 5:00pm that I have a meeting
olly would you just cancel.
would you again explain the last sentence to me please.
Remove my shopping list
Where am I supposed to be Wednesday from 2 to 11?
thanks but i think you have gotten me incorrectly.
Olly List saturday night events near current location.
Can you tell me about the Middle East
Get me a Uber
s1, please further explain it.
I want to know the procedure of making thanksgiving Turkey in 5 sentences.
Find Brad Pitt's age.
Switch the lights to off.
Is it cloudy today, Is the wind calm today
Where is the concert of Amjad ali taking place
Finances.
Where was Madonna born?
Please turn off the wemo plug
erase the meeting tomorrow at 10am
how many saturdays are in march?
s1, again explain me on what you have said please.
confirm the last thing said please.
Internals
Add bread to my grocery list
Open media player and play my gym playlist
Olly I'm looking for a bar, do you know a good one?
Which is the highest peak in the world?
Show me the weather for Dallas.
Can you brighten the lights for me?
i do not really know, olly.
sorry but this is not the correct answer.
play lady gaga starting with poker face
Las Vegas time?
Did I ask you to remind me of anything?
play me music
Does this place do takeaway ?
add this email to my contacts
PLZ REMIND TO SLEEP AT 9 P.M.
Play GTA vice city game.
Make a new shopping list
I want to go to Bank of America. Give me directions
What is happening in Milwaukee today
i would like you to check that please.
set roatating event
I need a train ticket to...
s2, i was unclear about it.
What's on my list today?
open my music and play melissas afternoon podcast from yesterday
Hi, I want to order fried chick with white sauce
Reply to Truette and let him know I will be there.
Which is new movie of Johny Depp
confirm alarm for tomorrow morning
shit, i think you have done a task all in wrong manner.
Where was Bill Clinton born?
What time are the trains going to Chennai leaving?
Is there a way to pull up information about a contact?
olly can you shut down.
Create a new list for my birthday plans
good night
Between 1990 and 2000 music album is only to be played.
What time is my appointment on x date?
What reminders do I have
play next expisode on podcast.
Can you look up Chinese takeout near here?
Did I get an email from Paul?
Space exploration: latest news
Cancel my 8AM alarm
PDA, What's the time in this timezone?
Compile information on the data breach
tell chris i will be late through email
i would not really bother.
Tell me the story of Ramanujan and his mathematical journey
dammit, it was not what i wanted.
give the list of theaters in the vicinity
What do I have scheduled for tomorrow? I need to cancel.
Play rock 98.7 on the FM dial please?
s2, i did not catch that.
i want to hear your last instruction you said again.
could you clarify further on what you said now to me please.
Remove Ashley from the wedding invite list.
you did the command perfectly.
How much for a train ticket?
repeat song
this doesn't matter to me.
buy me a train ticket.
thank you very much for doing that.
what is today's climate here
Cortana, what is the time difference between here and Japan?
Play the next episode of this podcast.
Explain quantum physics to me in language I understand.
PDA please add item to list
When did the USSR dissolve and the Soviet Union rise to power
Remove from calendar my medical appointment for today
We're out of paint, so take bathroom-painting off the list.
i don't mind for anything, olly.
check xxxx's number
What time zone is X in?
Tell me Today's events of mine
would you stop it.
please make a coffee for me
PDA please check recent emails from new contact
How is the weather at home
What kind of music do you think I like?
What is the highest rated movie now out?
What is Motorola going for today?
Is Kim Kardashian married?
Make a Jars of Clay playlist for me
Begin new list of lottery numbers
give me the reminders
How do I cook a meatloaf
i want a meeting till 3 o clock.
it's good work, i appreciate it.
today how many alarms do i have set
Show me all the emails I've gotten today.
what's the weather like on friday?
amazing job, you've done well.
oh no, you gave me wrong information.
PDA, have I gotten any new emails from ****?
Don't speak for an hour
How is your day going?
run radio programm
play little women
would not really mind for any one.
Did I get any emails from Jack?
open playlist
uhh no, i did not say this.
Delete that item
could you check and confirm detail please.
please play the next episode of aib
Continue reading Moby Dick to me.
PDA, I would like to make a post on ****
let us try your information spoken one more time please.
What's the current time in Eastern Standard?
s2, that was not clear to me.
I want you to turn off the plug socket before the cellphone is charged
What year was Bill Pullman born?
i want a train ticket.
Find the nearest Uber
play audiobook of planets
what day is christmas
no, i think you have done a task all wrong.
I need to hear the volume of the current music
What is
would you please check that.
Alexa, please turn on the lights.
Olly, turn off shuffle.
will you once again explain me on your words.
prepare a coffee
Send an email to Sarah about brunch today.
say that once again please.
LOWER THE LIGHT TO 40 PERCENT
Play Jack Johnson playlist music
Will you please get the coffee machine to make some coffee.
get local events
book the the next train ticket to Chennai
What percent of my money did I spend at the mall today?
Any good bike shops in Oxford?
add appointment in the list
PDA: What's 2 plus 2
Make an event for a dentist appointment thursday at 9am
PDA: Make the room light blue
Olly where can I find nike shoes in Cleveland
is there any new mail for me
Set a reminder for 15 minutes to change laundry loads
Send a tweet about my complaint on my truck to Consumer Digest.
that's helpful, appreciated.
heating levels at what times in the apt
Please turn up the screen brightness all the way
yeap you've done command perfectly.
Is California between Nevada and New York?
it doesn't matter for me.
Olly, weather conditions for the next day
Show me my contacts
Find some smooth Jazz for me.
Tell me the music that is playing.
Play 46&2 by Tool
Please be silent until I tell you not to be
English test form email from Marcia
Start the vacuum cleaner
can you please check and confirm last thing said.
Check for any new emails, Google.
Tell me what time it is right now
Play 'What I Am' by Edie Brickel
s2, i don't get your words.
Olly, write a small text on Facebook
what are the train times to london bridge.
play next song on track
alexa what is the dollar to euro exchange rate
uh no, you gave me incorrect information.
got the answer perfectly.
Smiley
Add this event to my calendar
Remove item from my list
What time is it in Cleveland, Ohio?
would you please further clarify me on your words.
I WANT TO LISTEN RADIO.
Echo which songs to I listen to most.
Check email sent by Contact
please again explain.
Talk quieter please.
What is the best recipe for a margarita?
PDA can you create a sugar free diet for me and create a shopping list for the ingredients.
I'm looking for reasonably priced tapas in Miami Beach.
Olly, how do you subtract numbers
Play Thinking Out Loud next
wake up time
Please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom.
i am sorry but you had it wrong.
15.02.2017
tell comcast their customer service is slow
is it gonna snow
Olly I need a cab in 30 mins
Is Deborah's 54th birthday on September 26, 2017?
Can you find me a train ticket to Southampton on Memorial Day weekend?
find train time to ny
i like you confirm last thing i said please.
Where is the closer Starbucks?
please confirm my last question.
Set alarm of only monday morning 6 a. m.
Echo what street does Sarah live on, check my phone book.
Clear everything from the calendar
Can you find Animal Crossing
Post a Facebook status: Engaged!
How long before my order is delivered?
Play a party music list
Is the aniversary event on 22nd of this month true
Has any personal emails come in yet?
stop, i think you've got me not correct.
What does the weather forecast for the upcoming week look like?
How many people live in San Francisco?
that is cool, thank you.
Play the newest album by Jay Z.
Is my calendar empty?
Can you find the Breakfast Club radio show?
remove the bank transction list
Bring up a new shopping list.
what happened yesterday
Send email to Elain and reminder her not to forget the oranges in the morning
climate details now
switch off bedroom light
what is the sum/total/square root/etc of ____ (and___)
anything is okay to me.
What does it mean to call someone a snowflake?
PDA, Tell me the time in this time zone.
would you repeat what said please.
I need to send an email to Bob
ask my adviser
How old is Barack Obamba?
send tweet to @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
When I get home, can you please order a pizza?
Tweet Pizza Hut their delivery guy is an hour late.
Is my calendar event right or wrong?
What is twelve times eight?
Make sure bread is on my grocery list
Time & Date
how is the weather in this week
thanks but that is wrong answer.
info about africa
Alex has told me that he will send an email regarding the price of the machine, please check if that has come.
appreciated, it's nice one, olly.
Please remove Dallas from my travel itinerary
play my favorite station
Make March 18 a repeating appointment for Pearl's birthday.
Please send the email to Jeff.
Don't let me forget to buy a gift for my sister.
Will it be raining on Thursday?
Show me what time it is!
Should i wear a jacket to work?
I want to remove the grocery list from my other lists.
Who is highest scoring football player of all time?
Olly, clear the list
again elaborate.
Play BBC radio 2
Prepare to send an outgoing reply message
What takeout places are near me?
I want to remove full details on my calendar
What does a basketball feel like?
ADD MILK TO MY SHOPPING LIST
play rap
add this email to my contact list
list current car stories
Let me know when a new email arrives from Rachel
What's the weather for this week?
Turn on the playlist I have decicated to rock music.
What are Jalapenos?
What's going on outside?
What's the latest news on Donald Trump?
pls send a mail to my hubby i will late tonight
Move forward 10 minutes in this podcast.
Give me the shopping list.
What is the answer to $12.95 minus $7.50?
Repeat an event in my calendar
it is cloudy today.
What are the stock prices of Target?
you are so smart, olly.
What does the traffic look like on my usual route to work?
How can a cook risotto?
I want dimmer lights.
what is the title of the song?
Turn off the bass from the audio
Open media play jingle bells
Please let me know where David is travelling
much appreciated.
Alexa, please play the song Over the rainbow
What was the date when the Plum Street Temple in Cincinnati, Ohio was built.
Change the audio settings
Remove calender events
show my activity list
remove succeeding event
Add cereal to my shopping list.
What are the lyrics to the song I will always love you, by Dolly Parton?
List out the upcoming meeting
Forward the concert dates to Jerry by email.
Are there team meetups on the schedule this month?
PDA turn light off
Add an event labeled Dan's Graduation party May 5th in Goshen.
get me the latest news in hongkong
How many weeks are left for Christmas?
Tweet long wait time and unprofessional employees.
no back up.
Is Elvis Presley still alive?
I cant hear a thing
again explain me about your answers please.
Echo I need you to book a train ticket that leaves at 2 P.M.
Where is the radio head concert?
yes fantastic response.
i was not so clear about what you've just said.
Post birthday greetings to friends on facebook whose birthday is today.
Show me the alarms that are set.
Please start Joe Rogan podcast please.
how much is 10 USD to CAD
could you elaborate more on what you said to me please.
gossiping about celebrities
Tell me how to get to Nubs Nob
Please tune in to 97.5 FM
yes right.
Stop making sounds for 40 minutes.
What alarms are set right now?
I need to make a list.
repeat song no 10 from main list
Please let me know the train time to Washington
PDA, whats my schedule today
football scores.
can you please confirm detail.
olly will you cancel it.
no, you gave me not right information.
send reply too..
Which Mountain range is the largest?
did I received an email from rohit?
olly talk to you later on.
Olly, get me an Uber please.
yeap agree.
please could you confirm instruction.
play hiphop in hot 97
Delete all events on my calendar for the next 30 days
Can you give me a flash briefing?
Send an email to my friend say birthday wishes
Olly, describe the computer to me?
how old is madonna
can we please lower tge lights
Make new list of recent workouts
what is the trending now?
send John Smith and email.
Find tacos near my home
Turn off the light in the leaving room.
order travel ticket
would you confirm the details please.
open my new emails
Check new emails in the last day
How long do I chill an icebox pie?
New email
What are my next few events?
i need to know today's cricket match
Tell me what the word organism means
Reply to the email received from Peter
Has anyone commented on my status?
Play the latest episode of Little Steven's Underground Garage.
what is on my schedule for 9 to 11am tomorrow?
What is the purpose of life?
how long until we get to Chicago
Remove Tuesday alarm of 9.00 a. m.
Play country music.
What will the daily temperatures run this week?
correct.
Does the nearby dominos have delivery
PDA, Look up...
book me a single train ticket travelling to New York CIty, leaving after 9:00am
Send email to liz
s1, will you elaborate further on your answers.
What time is it, relative to New York?
should I wear rainboots
What's traffic look like over the Golden Gate Bridge?
can I order takeaway dinner from byron's?
Update my Inbox please
Please turn on coffee maker and start brew cycle.
sorry but i think it's not correct.
How much Russian currency can I get for 1 American dollar?
today's closing price for GOOGL
could you speak that once more.
What kind of implement is a broiler and how do I use it?
Open grocery shopping list and remove bananas.
please explain me more on what you said.
try what i've just said one more time again.
go to ne mail compile
PLEASE PLAY MY CRICKET GAME.
time constrain
ESS WEEK KI SABHI IMPORTANT EVENT KO NOTE KARO.
Power off wemo plug socket.
Re-start bill nye book.
Can you put in Lee's birthday on the 22nd of June?
it's cool, thank you, olly.
What's the temperature?
Tweet to Google costumer service, My new Nexus phone stop working. Help please
Dolly Parton biography
It snowed today
Where is the nearest smoke shop
Will the sky be overcast
hey PDA play crazy by britney spears
Rewind to 4:12
What day of the week was February 4, 1972?
What's interesting around here?
Play scrabble with me
Send a mail to mike. Tell him we will meet today 7 PM for dinner at Coffee House.
check and confirm the details.
Add Moong daal in grocery list
What is the exchange between dollar and British pound
What is the current share value for MSNBC?
What time is Bina going live with her sale on Facebook?
Olly, remove standup on Friday at 10am
what month is today
Am I free at 4:00pm?
PDA, Open Internet
Can you get me a taxi home?
how much is the euro versus the canadian dollar?
Skip to the next episode of this podcast.
what is the population of Florida
book a taxi for me
How is the traffic in Florida?
I want to listen to George Strait.
continue playing My book of Vitamins
What day of the week is the 22nd march?
Tell me about blank
Please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me.
closest chipotle
Post this status to my social media account.
how long do I boil a hard boiled egg, alexa?
Give me Moscow time
Can you create a new list?
Tweet at Macy's: Two weeks after purchase and the hems have all come loose.
what is the news today?
Can you please be muted for a while
PDA please fill out a complaint form for me
s1, can you please again rephrase to me.
Give me the current date today
tell me the last once again please.
PDA give me the product review from GameSpot about the NIntendo Switch
wake me up at eight o'clock
check question.
Current trends in tecnology.
Put on the God of small things
Save my opinion about the current song playing.
Am I busy on Wednesday evening?
were any new emails received
What was the latest post?
What price Google up to?
please retry the last said.
Olly, I need some coffee, please.
It's dark in the living room.
Set a monthly event.
Alert me if any topic relating to politics comes up
Tell them that Their lines were too long
Convert GMT to IST.
get news from cnn
What do I have today?
Let me know if anything new shows up about this
What is the square root of ten?
Update me on latest news
Remind me to send that email later
I need a 6 AM wakeup call.
i think you didn't understand me.
i need to hear the word spoken again.
Olly, anything else left on the list?
PDA name: play the song xxx xxx
brightness 90 percent
that's excellent, thanks, olly.
I want to hear 80s Pop music
What is the home city of the Bolshoi theatre?
that is cool, appreciated.
will you play music for me/
Events in my area
Remind me that I have a birthday party on the thirtieth.
I want the complete weather details of 7th March
i don't really know, olly.
What's the best way to sharpen a butcher knife?
play album
Exchange rate from CAD to USD
thanks for the helping.
PDA: Whats going to be the forecast tomorrow for Outer Nowhereville?
Olly, send an email to James asking when he is getting off of work.
What is the exchange rate for USD to NZD
Please add dinner with Mary to my calendar on Saturday.
are there still tickets to the kiss concert?
Can you deleted the current event?
What time do I have appointments today?
Do I have any upcoming reminders?
make a note of this on the list
i want you to check command please.
Show me what I did today.
once again clarify me about your answers please.
please retry it.
Remind me to meet James at work tomorrow at 9am
please could you check command.
Switch the light off in bedroom
Tell me the time in another city in US
Who and why is on at the theater tonight?
Olly, what are some highly rated restaurants in this area?
Follow news about Hilary email issue in future.
Is the 22nd a Tuesday?
I need to set up a new list
set an alarm for me for tomorrow
Remember me to meet Reveca today at 6:00pm
i do not know, olly.
Make the speaker volume on maximum
Scheduled events. more info
Go near vaccum cleaner
start over.
I'd like a cappuccino, please.
What do you want to do today?
How did steve irwin die
can you further clarify me on that please.
Do I have a lunch date today?
I like this song, what is it? Can you please repeat it once?
Weather for the next week in New York
Add an appointment with my dentist for 10 a.m. next Monday.
PDA, how do I set the timer on my coffee machine?
I like to hear 'kuch kuch hotha hai'
you've done a task wrong.
Replay the song
What would be the a perfectly nutritionally balanced meal for dinner?
What's happening in news express
this new email should be added to my contact
I'd like to make post.
Would like to see the time zone?
Check my inbox
s2, your response is not so clear.
markets near by
remove all appointments
provide a joke?
explain me about what you've just said again please.
play lupe fiasco
AAJ MARCH KI 5TH DAY HAI, HAI KI NAHI?
Siri, what is $10 in Ten?
oh no, not right.
set alarm at 5:30 am
yes good response to command.
Create a list of books to be ordered
What is the current exchange rate of Euro to dollar
Please tell me if there will be sun with no clouds on friday of this week.
What is the weather condition in NY?
What is the definition of Problematic?
Update status of ...
yes , i have to know the weather is .
Can you find the the Preacher Joe show on Gospel radio?
write email to my company mate to submit the task tomorrow.
Send a test email to test3@gmail.com
s1, would you please elaborate me on it again.
Cancel all my appointments after 3 p.m today and inform me the details.
is it possible to drive now in ohio
What is the time in Bangalore ?
play old
Get in touch with (insert)
What is the Google stock at?
Where can I find that recipe for Magic Cookie Bars?
Tell Walmart they're bad
twitter
yeah that's amazing.
I want to order a takeaway from Papa John's.
have i received any mentions on twitter
remember to put carrots in there.
Activate a 1 week notification before my anniversary please.
wait, it is not the right command.
nice work, you have done well, olly.
Make the lights in my home yellow.
what time does the train depart from dowtown los angeles to santa barbara
Hey Olly, i am having a bad day today. What can i watch to cheer me up?
what to cook for lunch
Play Hurt by Johnny Cash next.
What happened to my Pizza order? it has been an hour since I ordered
ON THE RADIO, IT IS TIME FOR GOOD MUSIC.
Remind me to take the casserole out of the oven at 7:45pm.
get me the location of denmark?
Please turn off shuffle setting
Please set repeating reminder for my friends birthday on April 5.
Ask Peking Garden when my food will arrive.
Play that song next
Play that podcast please.
That song in the background is annoying.
yes confirmed.
I need to be reminded to do something on the 31th
Remind me every friday to go to my son's basketball game
Please provide me more info.
Play micheal jackson
Add <name> to schedule for <date/time> at <location
please speak again.
please add this event
I want to know the particulars in shopping list
What time is it in the Central timezone?
Are trains on schedule at (specific location)?
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE STOCK PRICE OF DEW IN NY MARKET
could you shut up please.
Can you remove that on my calendar
i would not really mind to choose any one.
look for different recipes
PDA can you tell me if my guitar is in tune what I play it?
What is the best sports bar with vegetarian options in LA?
you are so helpful, thank you very much.
Can you play Lose Yourself by Eminem next?
Check instagram.
What is the time in the Eastern timezone?
How many square miles is the average country on Earth?
s2, i can not catch up with you.
I ate a blueberry muffin with milk for breakfast
Add repeating event on Saturday on 7 am named cinema time
On April 10th please me know the status of my favorite website
Play the latest songs by Dalida
i am sorry but this was incorrect answer.
whats happening in ny
I would like to listen to music on the radio.
oh no, you gave me not right information.
Can you backward an episode in the podcast?
Olly, what's going on between 3:30 and 4?
When is Jennifer Aniston's birthday?
Where can I find a fijord
s1, will you clarify me further on your response please.
Can you get me a cup of coffee
open the recent mail of Allen and replay for it
would you just stop it.
i don't quite catch up with you.
what events are planned in my area?
What is the US dollar to Euro exchange rate?
Define God
What events are in my area?
i would like you check it please.
low cooling condition
Cancel schedule for 7 days from today
shit, not correct.
Will you play Superman after this song is over?
What are my favorite types of music?
log a complaint wash machine to samsung consumer service with model number cs001
How much money did Will Ferrel make for his last movie?
Find me a good meatloaf recipe.
Does Mary's birthday party start at 7:00?
Please find out of Charley's Steakhouse delivers.
How does the dollar compare to the pound?
influx
you have done a wrong thing.
Hey, play that podcast I stopped last night.
turn on the tv socket when I arrive home
your family
Play music radio for me
Add shopping to my calendar for tomorrow.
What is the correct time?
I need to know the highest mountain in the world
doesn't matter for me.
Is the balloon festival this weekend?
what is a sloth
cancel future event from place I worked
Next one
when does the next train travelling the the city leave here?
Top news
Add event in calendar
Replay the following podcast
Current traffic conditions.
Olly, does that new Chinese restaurant deliver?
that is unimportant with me.
I want to listen to NPR in the living room
Would you like to play a game with me, Olly?
I don`t need apples, remove it from my shopping list
All emails received between 10pm and 7am everyday is to be replied.
PLEASE SWITCH OFF THE LIGHT
Find out if Eddie Richards has sent an email about the budget requests.
Olly, do I have any new email from Ryan?
Does my co worker have a home phone number?
What is the square root of 42?
Olly, make me some coffee from the coffee machiine
reply to Patrick that I am on my way
yeap get the command perfectly.
Could you please yell the answer out to me?
yes I want to check
Please check email from matrimony
System, pull any traffic news for my commute.
play papa pear saga
check and confirm question.
What is the mayor's stance on homelessness in Seattle?
any sport event is on my list.
could you please check detail.
Can you see if John has replied to my email yet?
Siri, play Shake It Off
would you elaborate me further on your answer please.
I want the Ryan Seacrest show on the radio in the kitchen.
thanks for your answer.
Olly, set lights to 20 percent
What times are my alarms set for
get news about new nuclear policy
angry bird play
have i made loss in which stocks
What is a neutral density filter and would I want a gradient one or a solid one. Also which would be better in style between the screw on one and the square ones.
What is the current forecast for Maine?
What's on the radio right now?
resume playback
please clarify me more on your answers.
I'm going to the OAR concert in Paris on March 24
list all the meetings scheduled for today before 6 pm
yeah fantastic response to the command.
What is the time in Canada now ?
turn off my alarm
Do I have a soccer game this weekend?
Raise the volume of the speakers.
Get me some latte please.
My daughter's anniversary is Thursday.  Send me a reminder
Would you please check to see if I've set my alarm for tomorrow morning
what is going on in politics
give me directions to the nearest mcdonald's
Send an email to Ray
play music from my favorite artist
Is it supposed to rain/snow/be windy today?
play radia
Can you tell me some fun things to do in Kentucky?
Please positive tweet on Hp services.
Order a train ticket to Boston.
When is the yearly cultural event coming up?
is it raining in Barcelona
oops, you don't get answer right.
Show me the location of Everest Mountain
will you please clarify again.
warm wishes to mac for new job
yeah right response to the command.
Turn on the radio.
alexa resume joes book from where i left off last time
Turn wemo plug socket on
Please turn off only middle-left side light
The nature of artificial intelligence.
buy a train ticket to
did trey sand any messages?
Change your colors to green.
Olly, go to my gmail and click on compose. When finished, I will tell you what I want to write in the email.
What's that the album is current music from?
Read available lists.
Remove all the events on my calendar
i can't quite catch that.
check and confirm my last question.
Are there any tornado warnings today?
Do I have any appointments tomorrow?
how is the traffic on Harvard?
For my calendar, write Preschool Reading every Wednesday.
PDA please write up a compliant
Please send a reminder email to Peter and ask him how long he will be taking to prepare the presentation ppt.
thanks but you're wrong.
will you set alarm clock one day before for all gym class on my calendar
Let me know on Tuesday if I have messages.
wanna netflix and chill?
s2, don't understand that.
i appreciate it, it was awesome.
yeah you understood command correcly.
that is of no importance for me, olly.
emma watson
that wasn't right.
how does a rocket ship fly
Give me the details on (event)
i am sorry but i think that's not correct command.
Whay is the geographic area of Sudan
How's the weather like in New Jersey
you have messed up.
Turn off/on wemo outlet.
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
What is the name of this song and who sings it?
am i going to bring umbrella later?
Please apuse this audio book now.
I need a good cry, can you play me sad rock songs?
I'd like to cancel the trip to Vegas next week
Where is the biggest mountain
get me to my friends list
Play Hungry Eyes.
look for free time
HOW MANY DAYS UNTIL MARCH 30?
lower the light of hall by75%
Remove pepper from my grocery list
Can you play me some dance music.
Stop playing
that doesn't matter for me.
Olly, I met my future wife today. Please set up a date next Friday.
Choose a brighter color for reading.
What are some updates about the stock market.
what are the events coming up soon?
Define loquaciousness
Please describe laptop
Will it rain in the noon
please will you check and confirm that.
tell me why relationships are so hard
Turn off 8AM alarm
Place of Train times
Please look up local restaurants that are open now.
could you tell me what i have said once again please.
TODAY IS 5TH MARCH, IS IT OR NOT?
check my last command.
Is there any events planned for the next 3 months?
music, Third Day
Can you shut everything down?
would not really mind.
Hi do I have any new emails
Give me the definition of the word fondle
How many cups of water do I need to boil an egg?
yeah you've gotten it right.
Who is Christie Brinkley's boyfriend?
flag me an uber for 10pm tonight
NEXT WEEK MY UNCLE BIRTHDAY
I want to hear music by a band from my playlist
Do you have any updates on blank?
Remind me to pay rent every month
could you please further elaborate me about what you have just said.
Olly, create a repeating event on Mondays at 7 pm
Erase events.
My day was hectic
temperature this hour
WEDDING WHISHES
popular culture news
Hey. You there?
Please remove any alarms that I have set.
Show me minutes of current hour
Please enter in my calendar an appointment with Dr. Branden for this Friday at 6 pm.
stop, i think that's not the correct response.
How much is Apple stock worth?
How is my commute?
what's the the weather in Chicago?
Skip forward to the next episode of this podcast.
Was George Washington the first president
please can you elaborate me on what you've just said further.
Notify me when there's news on the Dakota pipeline
What kind of weather are they having in Orange, Tx right now?
How old is Zac Galifrankas?
Put me in on Tuesday, the 21st at ten with Al
Please purchase a Amtrak ticket from Las Vegas, Nevada to Lakeland, Florida leaving on the first of April.
How close is it to 8pm?
Great song for the commute
Tell me how to cook steak
it's wonderful, musch appreciated.
List the celebrities who have been in my country in the last five years
notify me in 15 before meeting starts
we don't expect rain tomorrow, right?
Find an Uber on 29th St.
what is the emai i got from my girlfriend.
once again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
Add an alert tomorrow at 7am
what about new mail.
play songs by Sia
Delete next event from the calendar
Pull up a complaint for for AOL.
rephrase further on your words please.
Would you please play Aces High?
what movie can I watch tonight on the theater here in Boston?
change mountain standard to pacific
will i need to wear a coat today in the afternoon?
10 past seven
Play me the latest podcast about online surveys.
great response to command.
Open tweet to Apple that my iPhone's battery is always drained.
Can you send an email to (name)
s1, can you please explain more on what you've said to me.
s2, i was unclear about that.
Please play red fm
love to jake for financial support
When was Jamie Foxx born?
what is the time train coming from sacramento
Tell me the weather situation
Show me my last email?
What is the time difference between New York and Lagos?
Please turn the lights up to 8.
you understood my instructions correcly.
Play all music by Billy Joel
Play radio on 5.30 on tere nagme show
PERSONAL DIGITAL ASSISTANT
play lady by kenny rogers
let us try again.
delete <unk>
Play the podcast on The Double Down
what are the top 20 jazz hits
How is the economy in Fort Worth compared to Houston?
Hey olly make the house lights a different color
what's the latest news from Xinhua?
Turn off the Wemo plug socket
Can we talk about wild orgies?
check and confirm last thing said please.
what do you mean by saying this.
Notify me about the evening meeting five minute in advance.
I want to listen to station 104.9 please.
answer emai lfrom
Remove my office meeting event for next week
Send a tweet about sonys volume issues
Are there any trips to Location A provided by the train?
Olly, who is Luke Bryan?
let us try that once again.
Remind me about my schedule for the afternoon?
Does shrimp contain a lot of fat?
i need to set reminder on 15th march
remind me when a contact calls
i couldn't quite catch that.
What's the cheapest marathon to enter within 50 miles of here?
email _____
current date please
set an alarm for me at 8am
let's play space invaders together
open my Amazon Music app and play my playlist
IS TODAY A SUNNY DAY OR RAINY DAY
What is the weather forecast for this week?
include an item to a list
Lower the volume.
Do I have appointments today?
set up a notification about tomorrow's meeting at 10
Echo I need you to say that last information again but much louder.
PDA I got a raise today
olly will you shut off please.
Write a complaint to Best Buy.
Start words with friends
schedule an alarm for next weeks dentist appointment
Are there any accidents on my way to work?
socket off
hey Olly, it was pretty much hectic day today.
wait, i think that's not the correct command.
please again clarify me on your answers.
could you please check and confirm last thing i said.
Create shopping list for Target
would you start over.
olly that's not how you pronounce that.
Call PF Chang's to order me Egg Foo Young.
Is snow coming tonight?
Have I received any emails from Shaun?
could you check and confirm my last instruction.
Start playing music from favourites
Play the Bjork album I've heard the least.
Enable shuffle
could you please shut down.
sorry but i think got that not right.
would you please once again explain me about your words.
Alexa play 90's alternative
i think you did the task incorrectly.
Open the books and play brains book from chap 09
Start email to client...
Play a country station please.
Check and see if I've received any emails from Eddie Richards having to do with budgets.
Olly, my day was exhausting.
How do i get the answer to 2 plus 2?
Overhead lights on, please.
My flight is by 6 pm, please keep me posted.
send an email to mike about this weekend party
When is it?
remove the party event from  the calander
Remind me about the office meeting tomorrow at 7
What artist is this?
set a remainder of the day
Olly, look up the word 'snafu'.
May I know the answer to that question
respond to all that I am on my way
go back to previous episode of podcast.
find exchange rate for usd to pound
s1, would you elaborate me more on what you said now please.
Remind me to start supper this afternoon at 5:00
does not matter for me.
How to cook that meal
please turn lights off
I need to be reminded that there is a meeting for Paul's retirement. Set reminder for Tuesday at 3 pm.
what is the minimum temperature of london
Are there going to be any showers tomorrow morning?
What's the alarm situation for tomorrow?
ask trivia questions
fix alarm
Show me news about Trump
got the answer exactly.
How many runs did Cheteshwar Pujara scored yesterday?
Did PAOK won Liverpool?
you helped a lot,, olly.
I WANT TO RAISE THE LIGHT.
that was incorrect let's try again.
how is the traffic right now
What is happening to my order
will you shut up please.
can you play music by pink floyd?
What time does the train departs Lagos?
s2, i couldn't catch that.
tell me the lucky color of today
Ok Google, can you start Ryan Seacrest
PDA, remove that item from my list.
do i need sun screen lotion today?
Close the light
hmm, i think you have done task all in wrong manner.
Play x playlist next
eminem
yeah good response to command.
Is it possible for you to get a train ticket for me?
did i forget anything
turn off smart plug socket
yes that is perfect.
Turn the lights off in the living room.
PDA: What do I need to make pot roast
yes correct.
wouldn't know, olly.
can you cancel it please.
Play the playlist we were listening last night
play news  programme.
PLease shut off
Play Bilando
great job, you have done well.
Check for e-mail from mom?
What is the weather in Pensacola
Do I have any meetings tomorrow?
How many pesos will I get for $100?
give me a description of (object)
what is set for the weekend three weeks from now
Order a pizza
IN THIS MATTER IN CURRENCY
Please add Tom to my contact list.
Turn up/down the sound
List alll set alarms.
Should I wear a hat today?
Tweet complaint to American Eagle customer service.
It was a cool day
I need to know events scheduled for the weekend
Set alarm of Whole week morning 10 a. m. in april month
What is the dollar against the pound?
What movies did brad pit star in
Let me hear about some new devotional music
MERE FAVORITE SONGS KO TUNE KARO.
What's the latest news on today's State of the Union address?
please shut up.
Set a reminder for my daughters birthday.
Echo I need a reminder for tomorrow for Joe's party after work.
let's try that one more again please.
turn on 89x
it is of no importance to me.
send a group mail to lookafter
Open train ticket app
Does LeChateau have delivery service or only takeway?
Run the vacuum cleaner
Tell me my choices for a good steak restaurant near here?
s1, please explain further on your words to me.
Play song by Daddy Yankee
olly will you shut up.
At 7am tomorrow morning ring the alarm
Olly quiet!
please warm up coffee machine
What emails did I get yesterday?
Here is something from today
Olly delete my surprise event for Thursday.
Who is the singer of this song right now
Where do people shop for clothes here?
please check email from mom
Olly set the Alarm
near pizza shops
Tell me about the sports stadium
convert 1 pound to US dollar
Open my podcasts
I want the news about academy award
What is the current forecast for Minneapolis?
Is there anything I need to know before I activate the robot vacuum cleaner?
Can you play the next podcast
Has the governor enacted the new crime bill yet?
turn off lighting
What is the time for Jimmy's party?
What's do i have to do after lunch today?
are you ok
Delete all events and content from my calender.
Could you tell me more about XXX?
uhh no, it was not what i was looking for.
Let me know about my next meeting two hours before it starts.
I want to add a lunch date with mike, jim, and bob
Lower volume of music player
What is Charles's email?
How many work contacts are in my phone book?
tell me the time when 'punjab mail' will reach gwalior
Where is the public library?
list the lists i have
What is the square root of 4 ?
I need the volume to be (louder/quieter)
Rate this song to the maximum.
How big is the Grand Canyon?
please explain me about your words once again.
Hey, please provide information about events, by the end of the day.
when does the train leave for chicago from ann arbor?
can you confirm what last said please.
i think the command is wrong.
Tweet a complaint for the online bookstore
excellent work, you have done well.
i am sorry but you messed up with command.
s2, i was not so clear about what you have just said.
Also a pleasure.
I want to order some takeaway food
Give me some funny Facebook posts.
try again that is not what i am looking for.
i think this was not the correct answer.
Tell me the local events.
Show me the top rated podacasts
would you confirm my last command please.
i think you didn't get me.
Where can I find a good taco truck in LA?
oh no, you've done the task wrong.
set repeating event 'gym day' on calendar
can you confirm the last thing i said.
Can we play Twenty Questions?
Please play songs I've purchased and favorited.
again clarify me on your answers.
Which stock markets have lowered in the past 3 hours?
Set a meeting with Phil every Wednesday for 5pm.
well done, thanks.
What did Geraldine Ferraro do after her run for VP?
tell contact mobile number
where is a petrol station in 0.5 mile radius?
make that song play next up
i want you to confirm detail please.
Tell me about all my events.
make a coffee for me, olly
security devices to robotic vacuum cleaners to Internet-enabled refrigerators
What is the status on the current elections?
did ben's email have an attaachment
confirm question.
Please list active alarms
you have got it exactly.
Any cultural events in california?
Play favorites listed in podcasts starting with first one.
How far is California from Georgia
please say what i've just said again.
yeap you have understood answer exactly.
Is there life on other planets?
Send a text to Alice
Which day of week is the 24 th ?
What is scheduled on my calendar today?
remind
What will the weather be like in Austin on March 16th
Play the David Bowie song Major Tom
Accident or normal traffic
please again elaborate this.
i have no idea about what to do, olly.
Lower the volume of the speakers.
s1, please rephrase more on your response.
message @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
Turn on my Michael Jackson playlist.
Remind me to pay the electricity bill on this weekend at 9:00 a.m.
Set up a meeting with my sons teacher for Friday.
Mute volume now
Display all unread messages from my gmail account.
please tell me it once more.
PDA, show me a cookie recipe
What events are going to happen in my city between 2-4pm today?
PDA, I didn't get the product on time, send a tweet to JCPenney,
PDA, orevena voice recorder, let me ... The System page is where to save songs
I hope it is sunny weather there.
Remember to remind me about client meet at 4 pm.
What's happening in the news?
play playlist number 7
Play the radio please
how do i cook rise
The last Friday of the month lands on what day?
what time is it in that city
i am sorry but i think you are not right.
Does it fall a sunday on 5th december?
Please turn on my Spotify playlist.
Is Jessica's birthday on April 12th?
Favorite this music
clear calendar
appreciated, it is great one.
yeah you have gotten command perfectly.
start over the book Legacy
What should the oven temperature be
How far is San Francisco from LA?
Give me idea about the day
Add an event for July thirtieth named birthday.
it's fantastic.
Play Jump by Van Halen when this song is over
Please tell me how to I bake 12 oatmeal cookies?
yeah exact.
get me a person asap
where is the closest train depot
could not understand that.
Delete a list.
you rock,.
what date is the fourth monday of march this year?
oh no, you gave me incorrect information.
Do not make any noise until morning alarm.
you did good work, thank you very much.
email 'happy new year' to john
play on loop The Devil Went down to Georgia for me
you are using old piece of information.
i'd like to hear what you said again.
store my cont
Please add mike@123.com to my contact lists and send them a reminder email.
Where is burmuda triangle
Can you please turn off my wemo plug.
can you shut down.
have no idea about what to select.
Olly what is the best brand of milk chocolate?
tell me the profession of celebrity?
Show results for cooking lasagna from web
Check inbox for jack
Initiate Celine Dion music
display my schedule for today
how the cold today
How humid is the environment today?
take birthday party off of calendar for May
Write 10 words on instagram
I need a cup of coffee.
good work, you have done well.
Remove the heading of the list
Please describe about microwave
Open my Morning Briefing email from The New York Times.
Play NCAA Match Kentucky vs Arizona live
Show me weather list for tomorrow
What day it is on 22nd April?
Add event for meeting with James
tell me one more again please.
tweet @company
Can you find and tell me the prices of Facebook stock?
your age
Please delete the shopping list.
Whats the weather in Minneapolis
How long will it take me to go to the train station from here?
Request a driver for Uber in 5 minutes
Remind me to go shopping every week
Do you have any suggestion? Action movies?
Daily news
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
please could you confirm the detail.
origin of word
i am sorry but you do not understand it correctly.
Could you play that radio channel
May I ask you to add a new event to my calendar ?
light up
can you start over please.
I want to listen to MC's podcast.
Purchase a new bulb with more brightness
I want to finish listening to the book 1984 from where I left off.
Play Spotify
Please pause the song
Check weather update for Lagos this week
What does animal mean
Remind me daily at 11 AM for meeting with boss
what is that.
Give me a description of a Boeing 747.
how hot will it be tomorrow PDA?
give the stock price details of Motorolla.
What time is it in Karachi right now.
New tweet to consumer service
Tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
What is the best part of being you?
the song makes me remember certain memories
I hope we could eat cookies and watch movies together.
start a small discussion
Make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
Place order for a chicken manchow soup from Wangs Kitchen restaurant.
Open my inbox
Tell me how old is Ryan Seacrest?
remind me some particular event
22nd April day
Turn on the vacuum.
I am bored can you find me something to do near me
may i know the about alarm you set
Any new emails after 5 pm?
Will you please turn the lights off?
Could you play poker with me
i do not really mind for anything, olly.
date
How long does tonight's dinner party last?
Terrorist activities
Save this music to my favorites.
this is unimportant, olly.
excellent job, you did well, olly.
Play the Serial podcast
Turn off smart socket
make alarm reminder for calendar
Olly, what is the definition of the word 'snafu' ?
Olly, find me an audio book version of Ready Player One and play it for me
I want to hear purple haze
Read email and send to family member.
What reminders do I have scheduled before noon tomorrow?
really wouldn't mind.
Can you order me some pizza?
sorry but i think it's not the right command.
What does word mean?
that's not what i requested.
Delete Butterfly Clips from my Wish List.
that's great job, thank you so much.
what is the dress code for tonight
Can you delete the next event?
Is the 23rd on the weekend?
What happened between the second and the fifteenth?
Don't speak for a while
Check the traffic to our home
please play back some important points summary.
create an event with location 'home' and with event 'new year's eve'
s1, would you again clarify me on it please.
Can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing ?
Stock price for GMB.
please check and confirm it.
if switch is on then turn on else turn off
will you please check that.
Tell me the best recipes for a given dish.
thanks but i think it's wrong response.
Olly, I have to tell you about my day.
shut down SPS (smart plug socket)
Can you make a red shade of light in the living room?
Will I need a jacket after 10pm in my area?
remember me my child's birthday
alexa do need an umbrella today?
What's on for the 14th afternoon that I could go with the two year old twins?
hmm, i did not ask for it.
Please remove the next event on my calender
Do I have any new email from John?
What is IBM's stock worth?
Please turn off the lights in the (specific room)
Show me the news about what's all new going around in Seattle the tell.
that is of no importance.
What does Jon Bon Jovi's wife look like?
PDA, Can you send the email to the new email id?
What do I have on my schedule for tomorrow morning?
Change the colours please
olly that's enough, cancel.
i think this is not right command.
Set an alarm for 7 am.
Set a reminder for this
uh no, thanks.
whatever.
would you please further clarify me about this.
using play/pause button
Play only songs by the Beatles, please.
create an item to be added to my list.
How many people were at the protest in Times Square, yesterday at Noon?
that's good one, thank you very much, olly.
Can you boil the kettle
When is my next work day?
Listen to music of genre
is there any pending reminder today
please will you clarify further on what you've just said.
Open up tetris.
dammit, it isn't what i wanted.
Assistant, shuffle entire library
Write a tweet to Burger King expressing my disapproval
Shall we meet for today's party
Turn on my electronic playlist
Help complaint to consumer service
ask me easy questions about a subject I know and tell me when I'm wrong
What day of the week is June 27th on this year?
bad that's not what i said.
Set event in the calendar.
Remove list of Due payment of Rajesh.
Tweet a complaint about potholes on road
Send an email to Jerry, ask what time will he be home tonight.
tell me when the event starts
would you speak one more time please.
When and where is June's birthday party?
will this morning stay sunny
Delete all events for today.
Tweet a response to Subway for slow service.
i am sorry but i think you didn't get me.
Remove that item
I need a taxi in 30 minutes
education
What day is this event scheduled for?
I love the song, do you?
Between 10pm and 7am everyday all emails received has to be replied to
Who's playing this?
send a complaint tweet.
Please show me any articles related to weather in the morning news.
no.
Can I get Delilah on  the radio in the bedroom?
Lights off, bathroom.
What is a shoal?
i don't know, olly.
delete the birthday party tomorrow at 2pm
Set reminder
tell me it one more again please.
s1, rephrase me further on it please.
what is the weekend weather forecast?
i am sorry but you did not interpret command right.
PDa, download cooking app
that was helpful,.
please will you just stop it.
do not speak today
What are the trending articles on the New York times.
add grocery to list
What state is David Lynch from?
Alert me about birthday of wife in advance.
thankama
what are the new rock radio stations?
best
Stock price for Google.
you have done that right thank you very much.
s2, i can't catch up with you.
Olly what is the capital of California?
Alexa is traffic heavy on route 80 today?
say again.
Which book fair events are taking place next week in Washington D.C.?
today is sunny day or not.
Send a giggle my way
will you say again please.
Local theater screening which movie?
can you define a baster
would you reset what i've said please.
Traffic congestion issues.
alexa what is something that is round?
set reminder for tomorrows meeting with {client name}
Should I watch this movie?
any farm markets around with local products?
Increase the volume to 50
Order takeout
Set a reminder for Tomorrow for meeting with Allen
How tall was Abraham Lincoln?
what is the date and month today
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party.
olly play some rap music
Set schedule for <time/date>, <name> at <location>
When is the next Lakers game?
Get us spaghetti from Pizza Hut.
Tweet consumer service that the quantity is wrong.
i'd like you confirm details please.
play my top 20 playlist
will you speak it again please.
manage a meeting for today morning.
Give me news from CNN.
remove list of outgoing calls
it is of no importance to me, olly.
yes good response.
Tell me about Kevin Spacey
could you clarify me on this once again please.
What currency does Croatia use
olly please cancel.
you are leading me into wrong.
you didn't understand what i wanted.
What is the latest news on Sprint?
Directions to Virginia Beach, VA
What ingredient can be used instead of saffron
What does I-75 look like?
What is the definition of marinara?
olly can you cancel please.
How is weather likely to be in my area today?
tell me what you've just said once more please.
stop, i think you messed up with.
I want to hear some radio pop, please.
Tell me a joke, please
Please send an e-mail to Larry's new e-mail at XXXX@gmail.com
describe a romantic love
Start radio and go to frequency on 94.3
who is singing that song on now
remove 'table' from furniture
wait, i think it's not the correct response.
get me to CNN website
I need more milk
check my last post on facebook
Send email to Mom and tell her see her at Disney World
set alarm reminder for calendar
it's helpful, appreciated.
PDA, I want to make a list and this should be automatically saved as a text file with the title, list.
PDA, What is happening in the news?
Who am I supposed to go to lunch with today?
Is Alex saved in my contacts list.
Latest movies in theatres
PDA, Wake me up at...
repeating event meeting on mondays
What do you do with my personal data?
Inform me about the latest news of Donald Trump.
nope, not correct command.
please could you replay.
Explain Bob Dylan
I am ready to hear the next episode of Podcast
Olly how is the new movie SWAT
How many pumpkins do I need to make a pumpkin pie?
Delete my next scheduled event please.
podcast play
wouldn't bother.
play BBC radio four
Set a event that will happen everyday.
anything would be okay with me.
musch appreciated, it's fantastic.
Open chess app and begin game
s1, will you elaborate me about that once again.
Make my lights green.
What is the funniest joke ever?
uh no, you didn't get what i was looking for.
What Mexican restaurants are there nearby for takeout?
I AM NEED MY HAP TODAY
History
Delete event from calendar
What do I need to make lamb pathia?
jane doe emails
Does Louie's do take out
Send an email to Rae telling her my phone is back in service
switch to 955FM
Hey Olly, place an event in my calendar to go to the doctor on Friday, April 14th at 123 Water Street, New York, NY, 11289.
your answer was not so clear to me.
olly's command failed.
What does the word labyrinth mean?
that's helpful, thanks, olly.
Find apple pie recipe.
please could you check and confirm my last instruction.
reply back to this email
email joejoe@gmail.com
alexa tweet my latest draft to @nsa
s1, please once again elaborate me about your answers.
Are there any special events near me this weekend?
Set regular bi-weekly meeting on Fridays, 3pm
Could you please tell me whats in my schedule at 8 tonight?
Resume story
my work schedule
Remind me of the 7:00 AM Sales Meeting this Thursday and add to calendar.
I emailed Conrad a week ago plesase remind me what I wrote
please just stop.
Set a reminder for Wednesdays at 2 p.m.
delete all events from my calendar
that is all, just stop it.
don't really mind to choose any one.
who is singing this song
What is the temperature right now?
PDA name put this on my facebook
will you cancel.
Make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled.
Just schedule a meeting with my boss
Shut off lights.
Define...
Open my contact list
hi google do i receive ny new emails
Could you please send back to Pawel this answer
COULE YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHICH IS THE GOOD BAR WITH FOOD?
Alexa add toothpaste to my shopping list.
you have done it right, olly.
olly that is enough, just cancel.
Olly It's awfully dark here
time in Las Vegas?
Today's forecast.
Please play the next episode in the podcast?
is the last order is ready
Facebook current stock rate
what is the timing of bagmati express
what are the latest mails i received?
Is there any event around?
do not really bother.
give me more information about the scheduled event on the 30th of march alexa
When is my dentist appointment?
Olly, show me where I can find a hamburger
play next episode of harry potter by JK Rowling
Tell me my lists.
Send an email to Frank at work.
Play my favorite song from last year.
Notify me of the latest news on the stock market
Tell me the street address of my facebook friend george
What do you want to do today? Play outside
yeap your understanding was confirmed.
What do you know about Mary?
Hey Olly, today i was fired from my job.
What are the list of things I need to buy today?
Add ketchup to the list
RADIO KO ON KAR DO, ABHI ACHCHE ACHCHE SONG AA RAHE HONGE.
set a reminder for wishing a friend tommorrow at 10 AM
what's the funniest joke
Tell me about the stock for X.
it's perfect.
reminders for card payments
PDA, show list items
you have done it right thank you so much, olly.
What will be the weather today afternnon
I'd like to hear Queen's Barcelona
tell me the time in boston
What does the clock say?
can you read me my latest emails
i need to hear your last things again.
delete the next event in the calendar
Where does Tar work currently?
Please start the next podcast episode.
s1, could you once again clarify me on last sentence please.
play list music True Love
i need a manger
you did nice job, appreciated, olly.
what is piramid
Does Mary Smith live on Main Street?
What is on the menu for dinner this evening?
you have done that right.
best rap music
would you check what i said.
i will need a scalf in  afternoon to overcome sunlight
book me a train ticket
Don't play this song again
disable alarm for 3PM
can you replay please.
Turn off my room lights.
Could you please create a Pandora channel for Adele
When does the last train from work leave
Put a record on
I want tickets to the sold out concert on Saturday night
yeah you have done it correcly.
where are the rockies located?
will you please again elaborate.
Please check my playlist
send a mail to Alex asking about the due payment.
I've got a meeting by tonight 7:00PM, please mute the music for an hour
Send mail to Mom. I am planning vacations with her nest week.
Is it supposed to rain tomorrow?
Schedule doctors appointment for this friday at 12noon.
list all emails with subject contract
could you check what just said.
it was wonderful.
Speak louder
Find today's WaPo articles about Trump.
A fresh day
I want to listen to heavy metal please.
can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
workout playlist
What is going on around me?
I need to add an event on May 5th 2017 location Goshen for Danny's Graduation Party.
did you get the command correctly?
Can you tell me what movie has the best reviews?
I want to start War and Peace where I left off
that must be mistakes.
What to do today in Biloxi
Tell me which stocks were the biggest gainers in stock market nasdaq today
Make the smart socket turn off
you didn't understand what i am looking for.
is now a good time to sell some euros?
I need to set up a meeting with Debra for Thursday at 3pm.
Please tell me where the fair is going to be this year.
Remind me of dinner with mom tonight on my calendar
Tell me when I should leave for a scheduled event so that I am on time.
Notify me when Trump is in the news
tell me the news in technology from engadget
Olly, open calendar and make an event reminder.
what could be the time in india
Radio play 989 please
set a weekly meeting for friday 9am
no, you gave me wrong information.
will you please shut off.
Do I have anything lists made for christmas shopping?
What is the weather like in Iowa.
i did not ask for that.
Olly did you have a good day?
PDA, what are the latest updates with regard to Trump's ties to Russia
Add to calendar an medical appointment for the first day of the next five months
Book for me a train ticket to California
iphone
Please set up a meeting with Becky at 3 pm on Tuesday
I need a reminder to call my mom at 3pm.
hey siri on the 20th clear my calendar
Does the nearby chinese restaurant do delivery
How tall is Micheal Jackson?
Did I make a shopping list?
I have a doctor's appointment with Dr. Barlease tomorrow at 7:30 a.m.
Show me the time.
show weather info
Please explain the rice recipe .
Define broiler for me
Tell me about the latest political news?
i am sorry but i think you made mistakes.
send 'happy new year' to 'john@gmail.com'
Hey whatsapp
you did nice work, thanks.
Person name
please can you stop.
sorry but i think you didn't get the response right.
have i set any alarm for today.
Tweet @phohouse your server was rude #badpho
please repeat.
Can I get delivery from dominos?
Where can I get Shawarma in this area ?
Please play popular music on Pandora.
play david bowie
Let me know the day before my trip to California
dating
what is the time in London now
alexa whats i like being a tool for the nsa
Do you want to play a game?
Open media player and play top 40's hits
i'm so happy today Olly, I got tickets for the concert
When did Beyonce and Jay Z get married?
i will repeat the question clearly for you to understand.
speak one more again please.
what do i have to do today
tell me news from canada
get the roomba to start cleaning
currency rates
this doesn't really matter with me, olly.
continue playing my audiobook
Alexa, Play Baby One More Time.
find me the nearest Chinese for delivery
What is the weather like?
what states border new hampshire
Send an Email to my mum that I will visit her next weekend.
Olly, read back my grocery list to me.
yes that's amazing.
Check calendar for Thursday at 2pm, if I'm free, please set a meeting with Mr Fox.
that is nice one, i appreciate it.
do not really care.
Tell me how to make a difference with my life
Alexa, please turn on the lights.
Update me on my emails.
would you check and confirm it please.
Do I have any emails in the last hour?
i would not care, olly.
Please say the following on Facebook:
Move this song to up next
please let's do it again.
batminton
what is the subject and who is the sender of my last email?
Which things should I do when I visit the Yellowstone National Park?
Text an email to Donna. Hey what are you doing today?
Find a recipe for a romantic dinner for two
s1, could you rephrase me on your words further please.
Send complaint to...
will you start over please.
what is weather today?
yeap that's excellent.
Olly, what is the best Mexican restaurant in Seattle?
I want to know more about the fair this weekend.
you did it correcly.
email received reply
Dim the overhead lights a tad.
How's the weather like in Beijing
I would like to start a new list
write me a tweet about how horrible their management is
Turn off the bathroom light
show future events
Tell me what a workhouse is.
how warm today is
play next doctor who episode
s1, could you rephrase further on what you have said to me please.
you've done it right, olly.
Start a competitive crossword for us.
My day was pretty hectic today.
olly i would talk to you later on.
Do I have any new emails from Kellogg?
yes get the answer perfectly.
I want to listen to the radio, turn it on for me.
Cnn latest headlines
I want to hear 103.1.
mailed the personal data
Complain to the restaurant about the food I was served.
you've done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
Send email to
go to the end of the podcast
What is the most current exchange rate in China
tell me the date and the time
What time is next meeting
Do you have the train times for Beaumont, Tx ?
When was the last call I received from Jordan?
Will I need an umbrella tomorrow?
would you check that.
Remove everything from the calendar
OK Google, list all of my upcoming alarms.
tweet my internet provider that their service is sluggish
Remove car insurance from bills list
How old is Rue McClanahan?
you are star, thank you.
What happened yesterday on samurai jack.
Reply to my last email.
you have done the command right.
i don't mind to choose any one.
Please give me todays forecast for New York City.
Send a taxi to come pick me up from my location
Would you go check my emails for me?
Whats the weather report for Bangalore today
How much traffic is there right now in Bowery street?
Tell me about the latest events going around my city.
hey what will be the predicted weather for tomorrow
can you help
Sex
where the party will take start
I like this song that is playing
please will you tell me it one more again.
Open Emails
let me know about the news of india-pakistan match.
can you please check and confirm what last said.
please explain further on this.
Tell me current events between yesterday and this morning.
what happens on the Fourth of July
Start coffee.
Is the sun gonna shine in Devon this weekend?
What is the status of my food order
Include this item.
clear my calendar for tomorroq
What events are ongoing today in Biloxi
did you get instruction correctly?
from which movie is the song
Show me events in Sacramento
shit, i think you've done all wrong.
select the weather option
add new event named anna to calendar
What is the chance of thunderstorms today in Biloxi
Delete the shopping list
try again please.
what is the top searches in google today
12th July is Bola's birthday and my calender to be updated with this date
When is the next Friday the 13th?
remind me before monday.
Add v8 to my groceries.
Turn off any morning alarms after Friday
Play the rock 92 radio channel.
PDA, how do I start the robot vacuum cleaner?
When is Taco Bell going to arrive?
Will it snow next week?
that is all, just cancel.
party
Play me a random audio book that has to do with love.
Where is the venue in which the marriage of Tom is going to takeplace
tell me today's sports news headlines
dammit, i didn't say this.
let's tweet a complaint
I do not like these colours in the house
What notifications do I have in social media?
i'd like you to check and confirm what i said please.
Does Dominos do takeaway?
wonderful job, you have done well, olly.
I need a high volume
Respond with...
What do you think was the best decade?
s1, will you further explain.
replay the God of small things
Is the road in some particular area wide or narrow.
How late am i?
Do I have repair work today?
remind me of meeting 5 minutes before time
what to I have on the schedule tomorrow morning?
change lights to pink
let me know about election new.
I want to hear some tunes
How many notifications do I have on Facebook?
Is Sofia Vergara single?
Set reminder for meeting Tuesday with Bill
Add eggs to my list
Have you come across any new recipes?
Give me a reminder 24 hours before my Friday meeting with EDG
play most popular songs by barenaked ladies
Tell me something exciting.
Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey
create reminder for laundry at 8pm
Olly, tweet  google customer service  their products are inferior
Schedule lunch with mom on tuesday of this month.
How is the traffic on third street?
Change volume to 35 percent.
check list
Start cleaning, robot cleaner
Turn off.
Restart the audiobook Heaven is for real.
Remove a list of employees.
find world meaning in dictonary
i have no idea regarding to which to select.
Hey Olly I like music by Sigur Ros
Can you change the volume at 90db.
What is the price for Marvel?
What's the dollar's exchange rate with the Euro?
Just add a new email in my contacts from Michael
Do not wake me up on weekends.
Olly, set coffee to bre at 7:00 am
tell me how are the results of assembly elections in Delhi going to come out?
Tell me differences about cricket vs football
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow.
I am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
report complaint to samsung by tweet
can you tell me the time right now?
thanks for your help, olly.
speak that one more time please.
Turn on the radio please.
Search for trains leaving tonight for London
How soon can we expect rain?
start playing song z
Please add an appointment at 9am wednesday at dr greens office
have no idea for what to do, olly.
Can you give me a recipe for homemade chicken noodle soup?
health
create calendar event with ____
you did amazing work, thank you so much.
please confirm details.
New exchange rate?
What kinds of sunglasses are considered aviators?
Tweet terrible service
wait, i think it's not the correct answer.
s1, again clarify your answers please.
Do I have a doctor's appointment in my calendar?
PDA: Would you please turn on the AM radio?
Olly, book me a taxi to Leith in half an hour
Play my Killers playlist, please.
Please give me directions to a park  near me
could you tell me it one more again please.
sorry but you didn't understand request right.
When was Trump born?
convert 1 uS dollar to euro
What time is the next event scheduled?
Let me know when three hours have passed.
New event, lunch, Outback
what was that again.
Change the lights into green
How many countries are in the European Union?
Please tell me my alarms
Is this true about this date?
Please tell me the latest on the Houston Texans draft picks.
What day is payday?
Set an office meeting reminder for the next three days
start radio x on programm y
would you check and confirm details please.
i was not clear about your response.
thanks but you don't understand me.
What is next in my calendar?
How long does it take to make meatloaf?
Is my schedule full?
you have done answer perfectly.
dammit, you gave me wrong information.
thank you so much for this information, olly.
Do a tournament with me in Candy Crush
Give me a current traffic report.
PLZ, SOLVE THIS MATH.
please play only songs from the genre rap in my playlist
Any recent news about North Korea?
Google let me know when anything news about Trump.
Please turn the music volume up.
PDA: How do you make pasta
Please play me songs from the 80's
Pick up dry cleaning tomorrow
cancel alarm for 03/10/2017
Play next segment
i like you confirm details please.
Please remove march 19ths scheduled event
I wish to listen that radio channel
it's cool, thanks.
Is there traffic?
Please Send an email to cassy who is there on my family and friend list.
What day of the week is 16th
Keep me up to date with the world news.
change house light from green to red.
Make an appointment for me next Saturday at five at the library, and set a reminder.
Tweet to the customer service account of
any one will be okay.
PDA i'm driving please auto answer my calls on speaker phone.
Shuffle song
Start playing American Gods where I last stopped.
what did ben email me
say what you've said one more time again please.
PDA name: post this on my facebook
How is the weather today?
remove file from list
PDA what's on my to-do list?
Tell me the top stories on the LA Times
Turn on WFRN 99.1
Alexa, mark the words as I say and I Quote
clarify me on your answers again please.
Play song Everytime I see you
please will you reset.
tell me the news about jallikattu in tamil nadu
Increase lights please
Keep me up to date with news on certain topics.
i am exhausted from work
can you tell me what list i have?
Will I need to wear my wooly sweater today?
Tell me how to cook a cheese souffle
What can I do for fun under $20 around me?
Olly, turn the lights off in the bedroom
made media volume louder
what is john's last name?
Can you remove my to do list?
Can you open up and start composing a email
I want lo listen song x
remove john's birthday from the calender
Olly, Cancel my plans to pick up my parents from the airport.
Where was Jennifer Lopez born?
Tell me the name of that song.
Tell me what lists I have.
what is geographic value of great volcano
the weather forecast
could you please rephrase me about last sentence further.
does jack have a meeting in the morning?
Remind me about my next meeting with joe one hour before
Explain it
your salary
Give me today's calendar events after 6pm
How much is 20 Argentinian pesos in pounds
Load a fun game that I can play with you.
What do I have for today?
LESS STOCK PRICE
Please remind me about Swatishs' birthday
i'd like to hear your phrase spoke again.
Please play Games by Disturbed
hmm, i did not ask for this response.
USD to Yen
dammit, not correct response.
Order from Dominos
have a anyinput day
can you get me a cup of coffee please
oops, i think you have me incorrect.
could you check question.
can you please check the last thing i said.
i do not mind for whatever.
Arrange a meeting on Monday
What events are going on in the area?
clear list
What is 1USD in Francs
wonderful job, you have done well.
all metings between 10th and 13th May
i like you to check and confirm the question please.
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
Is Hayden still living on Turnpike Lane?
In the past  2 hours have I gotten any new emails
i think you did a mistake, please fix this.
THIS PRODUCT NEVER USE
Play Hot 97 radio.
s1, would you please explain me about that again.
Do I have any upcoming events in my calendar?
What is a narwhal?
Tell me topics of all my lists.
please would you repeat that.
Open Calculator
Ok Google, schedule a meeting with the VP of the department on 3/21/2017
PDA name: tweet my complaint to @nsa
Play radio, station 97.9fm
forward email
Mute volume.
What are all the lists I have?
Delete my meeting event for March 19 at 1 P.M.
I want to listen classical music.
play latest reason podcast
Delete all meetings for tomorrow
set radio
send reply 'thank you so much mom' to mom
What is a transistor?
play True Love next
What is the current day month and year?
Open up angry birds
Make blank on july 3 calender
i don't mind to select any one.
Turn off all of my alarms
Wake me up at time
Erase all events.
turn off plug
PDA, what is worth more a USD or AUS
please will you just stop.
What do I have going on today?
Are there any new emails in outlook?
get set need me music track
stop, that's not the correct answer.
please check and confirm the last thing said.
Add a wrist watch to the shopping list
i wouldn't really mind to select any one.
I WANT TO LISTEN ARIJIT SINGH SONG ONCE AGAIN.
What time does the train leave for chicago?
play my favorite song
Live Show reminders
Open my twitter account and tell sams club they made my cake order delicious
Is it going to rain in Seattle today?
How old is Cher?
Please repeat the last sentence from that book.
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
What days are my alarms set for
does not matter.
again please.
Start reading 50 Shades of Grey from Chapter 4.
Could you please give me a summary of the latest news headlines
Delete the grocery list.
how tall is Mel Gibson
how does it look like.
What date is the third Friday of this month?
Make my lights blue.
PDA, why is kirsten dunst so ugly?
what time does the train from new york come in?
What is the exchange rate as of today
have John join me on the 10th at the 5th floor meeting
Give information about the traffic near my location please.
stop, you've understood me not right.
sorry but i think that's not the correct command.
How many kids jackie chan does have
What is the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
Remove tonights dinner with Shelly.
Start up a Bjork album for me.
Is there any rains predicted for Bangalore today
Who is this?
How smooth is marble floor?
would you rephrase once again to me.
that is enough, cancel.
please confirm it.
it isn't what i asked.
Turn on Huey Lewis and The News from the music player.
edit contacts
Please check my inbox for any new emails in last 20 minutes.
Play the Celine Dion song from the Titanic movie.
when is the arrival of the train at_____
Hey PDA, Check email
i am sorry but you have gotten this incorrectly.
I would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
Can you play my favorite audio book of King Kong?
Tell me the status of my inbox
Tell me a funny joke.
play CNN radio
Whats the news on bbc news
alexa describe a seashell
What do I need to pick up at the grocery store?
Will there be fog after sunset
Temple runner play
Please email to my wife about next week weather
Add Sarah as email contact
Currency Exchange Rates
Please turn on NPR on the living room speaker.
Please save this song to my favorites
Which six flags ride is the best?
will you please check detail.
Any news updates from BBC?
directions to sainsburys.
PDA is my alarm set for tomorrow morning?
start podcast
will you replay that please.
show me my list
Book a cab for new york
Email John Smith.
it is useful, thank you so much.
Can I purchase a train ticket today?
can you give me some idea about dance bar
Any meeting on.....
Do you have a joke?
where should i go this weekend
can you find me a train ticket to go to las vegas
Give me the opening stock price of Sony
What is the highest building in the world
Get me 2 train tickets from where I am now to Dallas arriving before dark.
on my to-dos remove mop kitchen
Read to me the email of John Smith.
Send an email to test1@gmail.com with the subject as test and no content.
how many days are in february?
upcoming events
reply to last received email
Just let me know next weeks weather in California
what is the time in new york
it was cool, i appreciate it.
Bring up a recipe for turkey meatballs.
start radio BBC one
How much will be the world population after 20 years.
what is the factor that let modi win the election
Start playing Flappy Bird.
get news about new foreign policy
Please mute yourself.
you are star,.
Alexa, email mom and ask how the weather is there
send mail to some one
Status of my restaurant order
Please change the light to green
tune to <unk>
your words was not so clear to me.
What time is it in England?
can you shut down please.
What day of the week is my birthday this year?
how much is 1 USD in INR
Is my school alarm set?
refer top reviewed live band show near me
i think wrong.
google translate
do it again.
What movie should I watch today
Can you change the light colors into dark in the house?
yeap fantastic response to command.
What's up with my order?
Play the latest songs by Sene.lena Gomez after this o
weather Fulton Missouri
yeah you get the command right.
it isn't what i was searching for.
Please play Jocko's podcast
how many oceans are there?
Please delete the contacts that I havent spoken to in 3 of months
Make a new list for me, please.
what is my location?
any events happening nearby?
Order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms from Pizza Hut.
I would like to hear Heathens by Twenty one Pilots.
How hours distance is between my location and New York?
try what you've just said one more time again please.
Let me know the morning of my doctor appointment on the 12th.
display nearby places
Tell me current time
Is the weather supposed to be nice today, PDA?
Book train best deal
that's all.
Remove my calendar event at 1:00 PM today.
Comfort my ears with Arijit Singh
speak once more please.
Search for a train ticket to...
What is today's date?
wait, i think you have messed up with.
What are the prices to get to Chicago on a train? Book the cheapest one.
Play stuff you should know
Does Obama have a Twitter?
i appreciate the answer.
PDA please check on our exchange rates compared to others
thanks, that's nice.
pda email
Send an email to Joe that says I'm already here
oh no, you gave me not correct information.
When is the last time I contacted John Smith.
Shut the lights off in my bedroom please
Can you turn up the volume on iTunes?
What playlist is on shuffle
Can you able to say the word demonetisation
Delete all item on my calendar for this week.
play me a prambors radio when Gina and Desta broadcast
please would you confirm it.
Turn up the lights please.
what were the first number of email subjects I got today?
What does it mean to be overbearing?
good response to command.
Update me with the election results
its not good
what is the news about terrorist attack in afghanistan.
MUJHE 8 PM YAAD DILANA MUJHE KAHIN BAHAR JANA HAI.
yeap you get that perfectly.
Define alarm
Send a message on Facebook to pending friend requests that my friend list is full and I will be creating a new profile soon.
Make Happy Birthday the next song.
Vacuum the living room carpet
play the rock radio station
remind me of my meeting at 5:00pm
i like you to confirm question please.
s1, would you further explain me about your response please.
send email to current email address
get me the latest news in NY
Set a nail appointment at Heaven Spa.
tweet error report to samsung
show me what the ingredients are
you've done it correctly, olly.
Olly, tell me about Hugh Lourie
What is the geographic info of a pop singer Rahman
could you tell me that one more again please.
would you do it again.
Turn the sound off.
Play podcast favorites.
can you again clarify what you've said please.
Is it raining in Chicago today?
Tell me what is on my grocery list for this week.
How old is Adele?
Show me popular exchange rates
i want you just cancel it.
Please give me information next movie of aamir khan
Check calendar
Go to next episode.
Should I be concerned about the robot vacuum cleaner upon startup?
I think I can travel the whole world in a day
Begin a list for...
What's next song on my playlist.
NOTE DOWN THIS EVENT ON MY CALENDAR.
Call Raju phone number
oh no, this was not what i was searching for.
Give me the definition of the word armor
PDA remove the hip show from my schedule on April 2nd.
Replace the old light with new powerful light
Reply to Amy's email that I will get back to her.
i don't really care.
couldn't get what you said now.
Is Miley Cyrus married?
current time in CPT
Olly, are there are new email from Mary?
Can you play Prince and similar artists?
What lists have I got set up?
stop and try what you've said once more.
What does the analysts say about the new immigration policies?
Give me the current time
Can you turn my bedroom lights off?
next episode of NYT podcast
pull up trump stories
cancel the plan of xxxx
Download Duncan Trussel's latest podcast.
do i have any alarms set for today
yeap excellent response.
Alexa turn on channel 95.1.
olly i want to hear some rap please
State the definition of inflation and tell how it's important for any economy?
remove {item} from list
What's the traffic situation from Kamycka to Dejvicka?
again.
send email new address
open company name and find forms
what appointments do I have between 1:00 pm till 3:00 pm
Are you happy today?
I want to bright the room more
Is it sunny in Springfield?
Ok Google, tweet McDonald's down Reseda has terrible service.
dammit, that's not what i just requested.
play game
Open my most recent email and reply
PDA: Delete the Walmart list
Turn the lights brighter
Open Davinci Code audiobook
oh that's good, olly.
Does Bob live in France
PDA: I just added Bob's News, anything new there?
Please turn off the lamp.
Alexa, what's going on in Chicago?
tell me about lisa ann
write this message to the coworker group.
Open events. more info
can I get a taxi to come to my house in an hour?
hello how is your day
Let's do math
olly that's enough, stop it.
would you confirm command please.
What are my notifications
Tell what the definition of the word
What's your favourite tv show?
Play X on X radio.
I want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list?
Will the snow stop before 7 am tomorrow?
say once again.
Source and Destination
i can't catch that.
google....
Has Robert sent any new emails to me?
please would you tell me one more time.
Is there anything new on reddit?
Make the ceiling lights brighter.
Remind me 2 hours before my Wednesday meeting with Linda
i wouldn't really bother.
What is the news this morning
get it in my divice.
Jay's phone number
will you retry it.
Do I have any new emails from...?
shit, you have done this all incorrectly.
Please give me an update on the election every 30 minutes.
How is the traffic situation in Houston street?
Play The Jungle Book.
What is the Netflix stock price.
Play my favorite playlist
say the last one said again please.
olly will you just cancel it.
Play most recent podcast upload.
put a disco track
look for this playback in audiobook and play for me
Remove 24th March meeting from schedule
Find me today's headlines at CNN
I need the definition of president.
Create a new list, please
search for the teams that are playing
Play my newest podcasts from Radiolab.
movies of tom hanks
What is the interview time from yesterday's email?
Play all the latest pop songs
Tell about computer definition?
Tweet to the BBB that Burger King is too expensive.
what is the current weather
please will you check and confirm the details.
How big is the stashable cinch bag, and what does it look like?
Tweet my complaint on targets customer service
What are departure/arrival times for (specific station)?
Remind me to go grocery shopping for the party on Sunday.
tell me what is the nicest place to go
check the weather of city on list starts with A.
Turn off the tv in room3
Is there any problem for having junk food and drinks
Can you please tell me what I have on my list?
I need you to set an alarm.
tweet @a complaint:
Show me tomorrow weather of mumbai
What can you tell me about x?
largest animal
What music is playing now on 99.9 cm.
Continue from where we left off in Divergent.
could you tell me the last spoke once again.
pls play some songs for kids
Please make a list of thing I have to shop tomorrow
Initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
Instagram
Can you add a new email to my contacts?
read a poem for me
Need to post the status. Kindly assist.
how the rain today
whatever is okay with me.
Play Candy Crush
Who will be attending the meeting this Friday?
it's fantastic, musch appreciated.
hey Olly, is it going to rain today in Brooklyn, New York?
draw
What do I need to make french toast?
appreciated, that was fantastic.
turn on an alarm for 9am
Start playing podcast about books.
news from CNN
Can you turn MSNBC on in the car?
Delete events for ***.
what should I make for dinner?
Olly what is the weather like outside
Please send the email to my mom
tell me pizza restaurants close by.
Alexa change the radio station
What's the date tomorrow?
I AM GONE TODAY AN UMBRELLA
Does artificial intelligence have consciousness?
Tell me a fun fact!
hey olly I saw a dog today
s1, clarify me on last sentence again please.
cars
Play the next episode of a podcast
I like Senatra songs
Start sync
answer is confirmed.
Inform me about meetings.
Please tell me about the events in our area tonight
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
Hey Siri!! mute the speakers
What is the longest river in the world?
Can you tell me about wayne gretszky
what is the definition of pda
Olly, when does the closest bar close?
Turn off light in bedroom
i think it is not the correct answer.
Can I get takeaway from Pings?
PDA, send email to Cat that I will accept job offer
Is Chase doing good?
could you clarify me more on what you have said please.
Tell me about ...
Add a meeting with architect to my new project list
Search for events in the Chicago area
please say once more.
that's wonderful work, thank you.
let us try again please.
No more comments
Find ingredients for chicken marsala
is it going to rain at 1pm today
Time, Wellington, NZ
Ok Google, can you continue audiobook {title}
Become a helicopter
if my vacuum cleaner is not activated plz activate it.
the weather updated to the PDA using SPB Weather.It either updates forecasts from Intellicast or Weather.com, both rather poor for my site.
display weather for the week
Add to calendar an office meeting for the next three days
Show me where I can find a train
What reminders do I have set?
What is a workhouse?
Tell me when my next meeting is.
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
Could you create a new event with these people only
Is there any email from my contacts
Please mark my calendar for therapy every Tuesday at 11 AM.
how many tablespoons are there in a cup?
alexa what is going on today?
Add Bola birthday of 12th July to my calender
please play podcasts on science
how much mehta willing to invest in my company in meeting which held today at 5:20 p.m
find me an uber
Alexa turn off the livingroom lights.
Olly, what events are happening in Pondichery this weekend?
Cortana, what date is Justin's school play?
you don't understand it right.
perfect work, you have done well.
Do you expect sun on Sunday?
PDA, Is God gonna cry today?
Crockpot recipe for chicken alfredo
Remind me a week before my credit card payment is due.
Females
will you speak one more again please.
I had a lazy day.
what is home town weather?
any new mail
Add Paav Bhaji in Menu card
I'd like you to remember that I like this song.
you did fantastic work,.
read email subject chemistry
let's try your sentence spoken once again please.
check and confirm it please.
What events do I have between 12pm and 4 pm?
explain more on what you've just said to me.
Make a new list for school supplies
Please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to New York
would you please check and confirm detail.
Tell me when the next big earthquake will hit California
Calendar up, when is my financial meeting on Friday?
can you say it once again please.
start playlist
it was not the correct response.
no, you have done a task all in wrong manner.
Book me a taxi to the Mall of America please
Is the traffic bad enough that I should leave early?
would you check it please.
Show new emails to me
i have no idea for what to select.
Is 13 november marked as holiday
How is my inbox looking at the moment?
New message to newmail@gmail.com
Can you define a chair
PDA, I love zydeco jams.
erase all the events in the calender
Am I going to be able to mow the grass this evening?
i want to replay to Allen
no, that was not what i said.
Please play Thriller.
nope, i think you had it not correct.
newly launched 4 wheelers
Make the volume to zero
go to the event day and delete
List me the stock of apple right now
i like this song plesse save
Refresh the list with new one.
cleaning is good, dust is so bad do now your magic clean my carpet
i don't mind for any one, olly.
start robot vacuum
thank you so much.
What time is it on the west coast?
Is the 22nd on a Wednesday?
turn my morning alarm on
PDA name: Can you tell me when i
What you know about Jhon Abraham Lincon
uh no, i did not ask for it command.
Please cancel all alarms for tomorrow.
i couldn't get what you just said now.
What's been going on?
Book a ticket for the Ethan Allen Express to Vermont.
list check
What music is playing?
you have done it correctly thank you, olly.
Create a new list
create new event on calendar 'john's birthday'
Open podcasts and play my favorites list.
What is the cheapest ticket available next week for a roundtrip 3 day trip to Iceland?
What is happening near me?
set reminder for meeting....
Olly can you pull up a recipe for spaghetti?
What is the answer to two by two?
Open the Davinci Code where I left off
Play Queen
Tell me if globalwarming is true
Put a reminder in my calendar about meeting with client at 10 am on Tuesday.
listen carefully that is not correct.
compare prices or dairy items in local shops
Did the boss send anything?
s1, again explain me about your response.
this does not matter to me, olly.
Olly, it's too bright in here can you turn a light off?
Olly, what is the most recent update regarding the hurricane Katrina?
What is the exchange rate between USD an ...?
Pawel, prepare the meeting with XXX
What is latest controversy on Donald Trump.
yeap you did it right.
tell me the last one spoken once more please.
Add remainder
Cancel the list
choose contact
Play 'Uptown Girl' by Billy Joel
yes answer was great.
Listen to sports talk
I want to figure out the stock on microsoft
What is todays date
switch to the song from album
check if i need umbrella now
PDA name: what time does xxxx arrive at xxxx
Give me a days notice before my next meeting.
Play running list
Is there any news of the newest game coming out.
uhh no.
play 'i love you' and then next 'happy'
Please play only A.R. Rehman's Songs.
What are the train times to travel from NYC to Poughkeepsie?
yeap get that right.
tell me jokes
olly please will you shut off.
thanks but i think you don't understand this correctly.
look for song x and play it
I eat breakfast at 8am
whatever is ok, olly.
Give me the local time of London
Put the news on, BBC.
Please play clash of clans
can you please check my last command.
How much does Nestle company cost?
yes, I Like to save opinion on song playing and which player suppoert that song.
Send me links to news articles about the protest.
well done, thank you so much, olly.
put (will.i.am It's My Birthday) in next
create a new miley cyrus station
olly could you please shut down.
marry me
you are so helpful,.
What are the traffic conditions on the 101?
What is the estimated travel time for the train ride to Orlando?
create a reminder for meeting
set alarm for 6 am everyday
train wreck
no, i did not ask for that.
is river in country y?
list any interesting events I like in the next  two days
would you please check the details.
What do you think I look like?
I think Dean Obidallah is on the radio around now?
Has Mary posted anything to facebook today?
Call the nearest pizza place that offers buffalo pizza.
it was not the right answer.
clear all from <unk>
i am sorry but i think that's not correct.
Post that I am going to McDonalds at Manhattan
Should i wear gloves tonight?
Tell about my new emails
what is the name of the music playing now?
What were the cities affected by the earthquake?
Play Maroon 5, Moves Like Jagger
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and Mexico?
i like you confirm last thing said please.
I need the most recent stories from Yahoo! News.
Let me hear my list.
confirm my alarm settings
Can you tell me about the alarm called 'Bed'?
audio
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
did I get any replies from Jan?
can you book a train ticket to Berkeley for me
I got invited to the pub on Saturday
Olly, Do i need to wear gloves today?
thanks but you did not understand it right.
sorry but that was not the correct response.
Which store's got the cheapest 3 pound beef rump?
Would you own a dog if you were able to?
Play Subway surfers with me.
please say it once again.
please rectify that command.
can you check what i last said.
yes affirmative.
Please Delete all meetings of today after 7 P.M.
Where is the convention center located?
How many Euros are in a Dollar?
tell me latest election news
Play that podcast I was listening to yesterday.
mild or heavy weather
Will you put on the music ?
Cortana, please increase the brightness in this room.
Whats it near
Tell me the name of the song?
Can you reserve me a seat on the train to Hartford next Friday morning?
did you get command correctly?
Alexa, Turn the lights down to 7
I'd like to listen to Howard Stern?
sorry but it's not the right answer.
Add a meeting in office at 11 AM
What color is the sky
tag. you're it.
what music is it
News from State Paper
Forward a complaint to Aircel for network related issues
Can you order me takeout?
Please make me a cup of coffee
Email search, new messages from
Play dinner party music.
Stop audiobook.
Turn bedroom lights off
Open parcheese game for you and i.
What's happening near me this week?
Please book a ticket of Rajdhani Express Train from Jaipur.
i think thats wrong.
Add Mike and Jack to festival calender
start playing dubstep
can you speak that one more time.
it's great one, olly.
What is the definition of this?
will you shut down.
Bring up my latest emails.
let me see my alarms PDA.
Cortana, can you turn on Pandora?
you did perfect work, i appreciate it.
play rehab song
turn down media volume
foreign exchange rates
Whether I can  travel the whole world in a day ?
please could you speak what i've said one more time again.
will the temperature be higher than 40 tomorrow?
How do I deglaze a pan?
tell me when my moms birthday is
play a classical.
how will my drive me
remove the grocery list
How were trebuchets built?
Play my game
Play Jars of Clay's If I Left the Zoo
Trending, tech news
how if iron made?
it is not the right command.
What is Jimmy Johns's corporate number?
Plesae let me know the current time at New Delhi
if it is a consumer good then.What is the customer feedback.
What happened yesterday from 3pm to 4pm?
write SMS to our friends
who's that song by?
I would love a less bright up room
what is the stock value of google
complain to customer service
Check any email related to online orders
is there any traffic to work
what is an orange like
What events are on this month's schedule?
can you play beats 1 rtadio
I would like to listen to some Down Tempo
I do not enjoy this song.
do not really bother, olly.
hey siri tell me what shops I am near
Search cost for Amtrak Luxury to Los Angeles
This song is my favourite
don't really bother, olly.
what day is it on 5th december?
that's nice one, thanks.
sorry but that was not the correct command.
Can you please play Imogen Heap?
deactivate smart plug socket
Have you been enjoying your day so far?
what is a chair
you did the task wrong.
Stop repeating this song.
Mail Gaurav my phone number and other contact details.
PDA: What's the recipe for fried chicken?
Whats the temperature in Mangalore today
PDA do i have a dr. appointment on the 6th?
Olly, name stores within 10 mile radius with music
Is there a way to get the latest breaking news on Trump?
Call an Uber for me
please check episode no 41 of taarak mehta ka ulta chasmah.
Status of weather?
When's Mark Lanegan's next album out?
Remind me about my meeting
Book train ticket for this time
Hey Olly, what time does the next train depart?
I don't like that song. Turn it off.
Shuffle this playlist.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME THE MEANING FOR THE ITEM LAPTOP.
Show me a video on cooking  Fried chicken
Open TD Ameritrade
check email for <unk>
Olly, remove all of my alarms.
Olly, delete list for groceries
could you speak what said once more please.
What's on the radio?
What groups are listed in my contacts?
Are there any recent e-mails in my inbox from my boss?
let's start over.
PDA: I'm tired of Pandora, please turn on the radio
What is the time difference between my location and Hong Kong?
Add pick up kids from school to my to-do list for today
How old is Clint Eastwood
Could you please remove the set of alarms between 8 and 9?
you rock, thanks.
generate a new inventory
I heard about a breaking news about our new provider, please check the news and update me
Resume the audiobook I listened to last.
what is price of dollar
PDA, how old was David Bowie when he died?
Please play this playback on audiobook
i would like to hear your phrase again.
please change the wrong command.
Olly, submit a negative review about a company
what is john's phone number?
Please begin clash of clans
When are the trains running tomorrow?
Ingredients needed at grocery store.
i'd like to hear the last things spoke again.
say one more time.
I want to hear Tum hi ho next.
Did you added milk to the shopping list?
update on April the giraffe
it does not matter to me, olly.
can you recommend some movies to watch in theater near me
How The Eiffel tower looks like?
once again explain it to me.
list my today's meeting
that is of no importance with me.
New Updates
PDA, book me an Uber.
Play the next howard stern show on the radio.
local show
GIVE AN FULL DETAILS OF PDA'S
can you tell me current time?
Display volume strength on current track
thanks but you are incorrect.
Can you change the living room lights to a softer color?
no, that's not what i wanted.
would you please shut up.
Lead the way to the place!
olly just stop please.
brighten more light.
play rock
Rap
please can you confirm my last command.
s2, do not understand that.
PDA change the color of the light.
Delete the shopping trip I have scheduled March 23rd
check and confirm what i said please.
I want to see the news.
May i know the weather there ?
sorry but that's not the correct answer.
skip to next episode
Tell me about Sean Connery
were the stocks rising or declining.
play playlist
What is a monitor?
what is a good Iranian film from 2016
appreciate your answer.
Olly, change the color of lights.
What is a basketball?
I have an appointment tommorrow, remind me
Do I have any reminders pending?
Bring up a complaint form.
show trains and time to Ny
i think that was not the right answer.
Yesterday at noontime, in Times Square, what was the protest about?
i would like you to check the question please.
could you elaborate me more on your response please.
Make it brighter in here, please.
Remove the list please
get answer right.
does not really matter to me, olly.
What's the temperature out now?
please can you cancel it.
Today is john's Birhday?
please start vacuuming
Start the robotic vacuum
Olly, answer the equation 8x7
Let's reply this email
Please open my FM radio and play 98.7.
turn on wemo <unk> in game room
how many new emails do i have
no, let me say it again.
you did perfect job, thank you so much.
Wipe everything on my calendar.
Tell me the takeaway food around this place
Describe Hell
remove
turn on 89x for rock
anything is ok with me.
it is not going to rain, is it?
I'd like to listen to a podcast now.
Play Billy Joel
Add in my calendar an appointment at 2pm on friday.
Make sound louder
Set a reminder on 15th march as meeting
Does Peking Garden take orders over the phone?
Ten day forecast for Baltimore
remove 'pencil' from stationary
tell me a nice Chinese Restuarant
Food
ah it was great one, olly.
i dont need light.
thanks but i think you have messed up.
Increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
marriage day
I want to listen to a sports podcast.
Lighter shade on the lights please!
i want to go to mcdo.
How do I change the color of the lights
erase item from list
Play album audiobook
What's my stock fluctuations?
Is there a possibility of heavy snow this evening?
Please tell me how to make a screwdriver.
did you get my last question correctly?
I want some coffee
Help me make brownies.
By adding to my playlist
What are the news stories on the CNN website?
Which is worth more? The US Dollar or the Euro?
Your personal Spotify collection, Your Music/Your Library,
how's weather today?
it's useful, i appreciate it.
Tell me the meetings I have for the week
Please play my 90's rap hits
Explain the geographical location of India ?
let me know if there are any new emails from Callum
It's 8:55 here, what time is it in England?
Give me the name of all the shops in my area
could you elaborate me about that further please.
can you say it one more time again please.
Set a reminder every day at noon to take medciation.
Save opinion
Today is 5th Mar?
Hi, What is happening in Twitter today.
How many rivers are there in the world?
show timings
Start a list of dog names.
would you try the last one spoken one more time again please.
Play Careless Whisper by George Micheal.
you've done that right.
does not matter with me.
when is the party scheduled
great job, you did well, olly.
tell person A i want meet him today.
can you explain me further on what you just said.
OK Google, I need the current DART rail schedule from West Irving Station to North Lake College.
Skip to the next podcast
which restaurants offer take out food?
Hey PDA, What are my lists?
play radio please
it is perfect work, musch appreciated, olly.
Don't let me forget I have a Parent-Teacher conference this Monday at 4:00 pm.
check celebrity wiki
Can you please order me some Mcdonalds?
change light colors
Play some soft rock.
does not matter for me, olly.
What is the weather in Pittsburgh
What is the exchange rate of USD to CDN?
I want some stock on nintendo
map
please tell me once again.
Please set a reminder for Tuesdays at nine a.m.
is it suppose to rain today
add 'new year's eve' to calendar
Can you tell me when my appointment is supposed to occur?
you have that incorrectly.
what is the difference in value of a dollar and a peso
fantastic work, you did well, olly.
Hello Olly, how are you today?
I want to remove the grocery list.
Tell me what's happening on social media
remind me about Games of Thrones at seven pm each Sunday for the next three months
What thing is in the list ?
can you tell how many hours of difference are between  Boston and los Angeles?
What is the time in Beijing
Tell me if taco bell delivers
that's all, just cancel.
i am sorry but i think you have gotten me wrongly.
How old is Kim Kardashian?
dammit, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
Play episode 10 in the podcast
how much is the euro worth vs us dollar?
please clarify me more on what you just said now.
try it once more please.
you are so smart.
Olly, where do the Rocky Mountains start?
can you just stop it please.
post this picture on twitter
Find my next event and delete it, please
olly please would you just stop it.
look up a lamp
you've done it correctly appreciated, olly.
skip forward to the next episode
Let me know new emails from John
the answer is confirmed.
How much time do I have left until the pta meeting?
please elaborate again to me.
Who is this on the radio?
will you help me write an email to Chelsea
Find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the U.S please.
Olly, pinpoint me the location of the shop
what is on my playlist?
anything is good with me.
would you love to see
Play my favorite radio station
yeap you have done your understanding right.
it's wonderful work.
could you confirm my last instruction please.
will you tell me that once again please.
yes that's wonderful.
I need a list of my clients today, make one
I need a train ticket to (location). Book ticket.
Remove the next event from calendar
tweet @InsightBB - the cable is out again in the Highland Terrace neighborhood
explain further.
Is it sunny?
Olly can you raise the lights for me please?
What's the stupidest question anyone ever asked you?
near by super market
yeah your understanding is exact.
Remove event from my list
Adjust light when I get home
play the rock music for me
Reply to all emails received from 10pm to 9am
please can you speak that things again.
Add lunch meetings at noon every day this week.
tell mewhere should i go in world tour and which places are most important
please give me detail 1 $ = Rs
any low priced delicacies.
s2, your answer was not so clear to me.
s2, i can't quite catch up with you.
Remove next event in calendar
i am sorry but got this wrong.
I would like to listen to Pop music please
What year did George Clooney start acting?
What is the 10 day forecast?
kindly assist me in filing compliant about service X
Resume mind reading book.
find me a recipe for <unk>
shit, i didn't ask for this.
Play the urban radio station
What time do the trains depart to Atlanta.
Please turn on my wemo plug socket.
yeap right response.
you did fantastic job, appreciated.
Please tell em the list of trains to Chicago via california
Do I have new likes?
Play Michael Jackson from my playlist.
Where is Niagra Falls located?
Place a birthday party with Alex and Amy in my calender.
What's happening in the world today?
information of recent events
How much is $100 American worth in yen?
THIS SONG IS AMAZING, IS NOT IT ?
Can you make me a cup of coffee?
tell me the simple interest of 7000rs. with 2 interest in 2 year.
i think you don't instruction command correctly.
What is the latest news on...
What was the subject of my last email?
what is the weather right now
Answer to Pawel's email
Replay this song, I really like it.
olly would you please shut up.
What are the upcoming events?
not right command.
I want a coffee
what is the deepest point on earth?
I am going to Chinatown in half an hour, book an Uber for me.
I want to hear my favorite jas music genre
Do I have any incoming emails?
Do I have a doctors appointment today?
I want to see news about politics.
it's helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
What was the last email from work
really wouldn't mind, olly.
What are the news headlines?
Turn off the lights in the kitchen.
Oliver will send me an email on Thursday and please set up a calendar appointment for our meeting based on the date he will provide on that email.
Please tell me the news.
how we calcultate
Just let me know next weeks weather in California
artificial intelligence
calculator
pause, put this song on after this song
Silent mode
Echo I want an alarm for 3:00 today.
nope, i think you have made some mistake.
whats around, PDA.
Play all my favorite songs
Please play my favorite song by Bruno Mars.
news
that doesn't matter.
Will it rain Saturday?
set my coffee machine
Open spotify and play list 5
what's on <unk>
Remove everything in the calendar.
give me the exchange rate between <unk>
Where is Justin Beiber from?
again rephrase to me please.
Remove the last item
Send a reply to Mike with the answer 4:30 from his email he sent this morning.
whats going on in cincinnati
I FAVORITE SINGER IS ARIJIT SINGH, FIND HIS VOICE ON RADIO.
pls reducw the sound
Yo PDA  order take out from Jason's Deli on 6th ave
Please tell me the background of celebrity X.
thanks but i think it was not the right answer.
please delete my next calendar event
Make a reservation for 2 at olive garden
search the region
Remind me to play this song tonight.
check my emails for something from NAME
olly call an uber now
What date is it today
which day is march 20
How do I duct tape a goose.to a.pig?
Email to my family saying I love you all
PDA, tweet to company.
it's useful, thank you so much.
that is nice one, musch appreciated, olly.
Is my schedule free today?
How was the day
Brew me a cup of coffee
search
search for gluten free menus
make a new list for me
sorry but i think that's not the right answer.
I'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date.
shift the balcony light to off
nearest restaurants available at this time
What is the least tornado-prone state in the entire US?
Please unmute yourself.
What song is that?
Look for a pizza recipe
retry it.
What is the latest news on the Health Care Reform?
uhh no, that isn't what i was looking for.
I want to know the result of 20: 2
Play the latest Seahawks Podcast.
how far is france from miami
song title?
Did you hear about
Find my shopping list and delete it
Is the drought in California over?
Spelling
thank you so much for that information.
Siri, what time is it in San Diego?
nope, thanks.
put a mail to sandy
Play slow down the song.
this is not so clear to me.
How is the weather like today
Mute the speakers.
amazing job, you did well, olly.
announce a comment in facebook
Hey, when is my friend's birthday coming up?
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
For what is famous Ellen Degeneres?
Please increase the volume of the current song
Will you mark that I have a meeting with tom at 3 tomorrow.
Start a vacuum cleaner
Save event for 5pm to 6pm on March 18th
Olly what is the weather forecast for today
play the song let it go
Do I have any meeting today.
Please mark  the wemo socket to off
Remind me about meeting next week
What is the weather here
How many mails have I received today ?
Activate radio and tune into 989
Show current local events
what new mail says?
it's fantastic job, i appreciate it.
How did George Rogers Clark die?
What meetings are on my calendar today?
play top 20
could you tell me one more time please.
please set an alarm for me 9a
What is the meaning of the word home
search email for contact
Where can I buy sports equipment near me?
Please let me know tomorrow's weather in New York
Hey Robot, give me a list of ingredients for Welsh Rarebit.
Do I have any events happening next week?
train times for tomorrow
Can you read my list off to me?
What is the defination of textual
What causes if I had junk food and alcohols
What's the time?
sorry but i think you did not instruction the request right.
object info
Turn off my first alarm
Olly,  I went to the grocery store today
PDA, do I have messages in my inbox?
Show us red.
Set an alarm for 9PM
Cancel all events for today and mark me busy
PDA make a status stating I got the promotion.
PDA, What alarms do you have set?
Tell me current time at Newyork
I want the time for another city outside US
location
Lower volume to half.
Can you mute my speaker.
Select the type of meal, whether a break fast/Lunch/Dinner
How's Microsoft's stock?
Does Vocelli's do takeaway?
What is my current time
What are all my lists?
thanks, olly.
Email family with details of the party
tell me a joke about a man
thank you for doing that, olly.
please speak the last one said one more time.
Tell me about the new foriegn policy of Trump
i would like to hear again.
Describe the Statue of Liberty.
Bedroom lights off now.
PDA, put Poker Face by Lady Gaga next in the play queue.
Do not talk
how to cook
its depend pon the seen
thank you very much for completing it.
thank you for your response, olly.
Next episode in podcast
In the last year how many hours have I been in meetings?
set alArm
you have done that correctly.
For a new event or meeting request, choose Repeat on the toolbar.
Anything I haven't done yet?
create new contact with email
PLEASE TAKEWAY OF GIVEING REQURIED OF THE RESTAURANT
Obtain latest news
What is the capitol of West Virginia?
Send email to newmail@gmail.com
Make a list of camera photos
Read most recent reminder
open saga
would you please check it.
mute
Most recently received emails
Delete shopping list.
see if there is something related to my job
have no idea about what to choose, olly.
please remind me to do this job in the evening
start the next episode in a podcast.
ocean 11
Do I have anything planned for the 21st?
thanks but you're not right.
Set an event
Go the the station FM 96.5
i do not get the last sentence.
How far is it from home to Seattle?
What is the time for the eastern time zone
remove a specific calender event
Please delete next meeting with Rajesh.
Please make me some coffee
you've got the command exactly.
on my calendar are there any birthdays
Please go to next date
thanks for the response.
i am sorry but you have made a mistake.
Please define forensic
go to the next event in the calendar and delete it
dim the lights a bit
Fun stuff to do near me
it was not clear.
What is my list?
What meettings did i have last week?
find out if the restaurant does takeaway orders
Ok Google, play Howard Stern
turn on radio play prambors with max volume as alarm in the morning
Turn off lights in kitchen
i could not catch that.
Show the to do list for today
Can you please update me on the latest tweets from my feed?
define xy
that's amazing work, olly.
Turn on the plug.
send an email to dad how is the weather this week?
what is name?
Tell me if I should use the train or bus to get across town today?
Play me some jazz.
Brighten the lights on the front porch
I want the light switched off. Can you do it for me?
How long do I roast chicken breasts?
Are there any updates on Facebook?
yeah that is correct.
flag two day after this day as my holiday
Reduce the intensity of lights.
Remove upcoming calendar event
its make me good lucking guy inside very very horkersd wo
thanks, it's good one.
Do I need to put a jacket on when I go outside?
from dollar to euro
Tell me the time now.
delete 'sherlock holmes' from library
Hey Olly, play me a popular R&B song?
reserve a train ticket for me today to des moines
Do I have any new Facebook notifications?
delete all events from calender
oh it's fantastic.
search if the restaurant does take out
What is the latest news for fashion.
Best reviews, restaurant, south sacramento
please tell about the alarms
Traffic alert
please let's try the last spoke one more time again.
What is on my shopping list today?
I need to set a reminder on the third of every month to call my doctor.
yes strongly agree.
tweet real Donald Trump that Angela Merkel will not shake his hand anymore.
is there any grocery nearby?
Please turn off my smart plug socket.
Is there any alarm active?
What time is it currently on the east coast?
Please schedule an appointment at my doctor for a prostate exam on Friday.
Open the phonebook and find the contact x(contact name)
Show me pancakes PDA.
Please show me today's date?
Daily, Monthly, or Yearly event if necessary.Choose the interval between events.
what was the last thing you said to me.
Please clear my calendar of all events.
What is Julia Roberts natural hair color?
that is enough, stop.
Delete all my meetings
play music of david guetta.
What happened in NYC, Times Square, yesterday at noontime?
I need to get up at ten tomorrow.
What is the current time in London?
nope, you are incorrect.
What is a funny joke?
Show me nearest theatre
it's cool, thanks, olly.
10 day forecast
it isn't what i am searching for.
can you start over.
order me chinese food
Find out for me what the topic is of each Oswald Chambers book
Any events this weekend in Pondichery?
Clear all events for this month.
call the restaurant to see if the delivery is on the way
Does the nearby pizza hut deliver in my area
that was confirmed.
Please set a reminder alarm for 3pm on saturday
play indi song from fm
The event ... will include ... and ...
Set reminder for meeting at 3pm tomorrow
dont do that again.
Can you describe a credit card?
Hi Olly! How are you?
Can you tell me what happened to my social media?
Check recently sent emails from mom
Play Music Now from Radio+
Did you set the alarm for 5 AM?
Please put me your input to know my schedule
add events
Indie
give detail of next week weather.
If it's midnight in Colorado, what time is it in Munich?
Please activate my vacuum to clean the living room?
add event for date and time with these people
describe me about the new cleaner ,how it works
Tell me the area code for Jen K.
Do I have any email?
you gave me not correct information.
s2, i can't catch that.
Say the time
Can I order Olive Garden to go?
you did good work, thanks.
set my alarm please
Give me Petey's telephone number.
xchange rates
i would like to start this new audiobook
I need you to book a taxi for me.
thank you so much for the asssistance.
reply to email from name
display settings
PDA please schedule a meeting for me.
What is the price of Ford Stock?
Is it 5 O' clock already?
Set a meeting on Wednesday at 3pm in room G30.
display current time
Open Inbox to check unread mails
Tell me the office address of my brother
Play for me radio 93.3 fm
put the song in order of songer first arijit singh song then sukhwinder then sunidhi.
appreciate your answers.
Please rate this song <insert rating here>
What is the news from that newsource?
which alarms do I have
what information do i have on reminders
that does not really matter with me.
please tell me one more time.
please further clarify me about what you've said.
any activity in the area?
Remove the first alarm
yeap good.
delete item from list
I need more light.
I'd like a cup of coffee please
Play Soundcloud
I expect you to remove the item from the list
google the word
I went skiing today.
Any specific event in Washington ?
Put working out on my calendar for 8 a.m. every day this week.
remind me about thing at time
List events from this three o'clock to five o'clock
make a cup of coffee for me
what is a banana
how many shares of apple can I get for 800$
Weekly weather report
Play music I have liked
Will gloves come in handy on Tuesday?
that is enough.
play 60
Please put on my favorite rap music playlist.
What are the events conducted in NY?
would you retry.
What's my upcoming week look like?
sorry but i think this is not the right answer.
i am not clear about your answer.
Get louder
Please remove milk from my grocery list as I already bought one today.
post my current location on instagram
Play a program about crime in Dallas area
Can you tell me if I've got any unread emails from today?
Olly, how tall is Tom Cruise?
Can I get an Uber home from the Fox downtown as soon as possible?
please reset that.
Olly I love Kfix so much he's by far my favorite
What is latest gossip of Hollywood going on?
what new is happening in business according to the economist
Cortana, increase the brightness of the lights.
When is my next appointment and who do I contact to reschedule?
Please give me all shop names in a 2 mile radius
Please check and tell me about the reminders i have placed today
My friend emails me to check
Reply to the email from my bank and inform them that I have paid the credit card dues.
Show me recently added events
thank you very much for your helps.
Show me any emails received in the last hour
Define forensic
Delete my alarm for 8am
play something by The Used.
Please call China Wok and order number 7.
When did Mt. St. Helens last erupt?
What is the exchange rate between the British pound and the US doillar?
WHat are the measurements of a queen mattress
select rai music file
Play all albums by Bad Religion
olly that's enough, just cancel it.
Can i get the directions to the nearest bar.
Search for a good nerd joke.
Olly, Whats the stock price of apple?
oh it was great one, olly.
Olly how many stars has SWAT received on IMDB
Play from Smashing Pumpkins.
Tell me my congressional representatives voting records on reproductive health issues.
create list
Have I got any new emails
Add this song to my catalogue
that is useful,.
PDA, send an email to Stan Francis
Clear my events for tomorrow
Can you please add an item to my grocery list?
you are my star, thank you so much, olly.
will it be rainy tomorrow?
the last sentence is not so clear to me.
what is the lera compared to the dollar
Can you tell me about any local events coming up?
What is the status on my takeout?
what is the current traffic in washington town
add a new list
s1, could you please clarify me about what you've just said once again.
When is it suppose to be above 50 again?
play songs from playlist
you've done it right thanks, olly.
that was useful, musch appreciated, olly.
PDA, cut the lights off
How many cups are in a quart?
does not matter to me, olly.
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
i do not really mind, olly.
What new posts are on my page?
Open Clock
Is Mary's birthday party tonight?
Please turn my speakers on, Google.
Delete all of my appointments with Dr. Smith this week
book an uber to the nearest mall in the next half hour
Siri, what is $10 in Euros?
you have done it right thank you very much.
calendar event
tell me how to make garlic bread
Start robot cleaner
Can you check if I got an email from John?
Olly, I am not tired, I am actually happy.
How tall is Trevor Noah?
Hey PDA!
what color are chairs
What is the highest mountain in the us?
Play the college baseball game
Whats 200 divided by 5?
Search for classical music and play
what is the current time in boston
open image post
Olly, let's play some blues.
clarify me further on that please.
Play Solitaire
what happening in VA
will you speak once again please.
Start chapter 7 of Alma
What are the coordinates of the equator?
Play my Roxy Music playlist.
I would like to listen to some rap music right now.
Hello PDA,Can you read the information for this date?
It was a work load day.
dammit, it isn't what i asked.
Get rid of bananas on the list
Resume play where I left off in book on Audible.
what is the most famous cave in texas
What is currently breaking news?
Tell me about Joose.
don't get this.
Please could you tell me if George's Geek restaurant, can I order takeaway from there?
send <unk>
Set a reminder of birthday of jack on 15th march
Echo I can't hear you can you say it again louder.
clarify more on the last sentence please.
MY GAMES TO PLAY IN MY COMPUTERS
nice job, you have done well.
elaborate again to me please.
yeap good response.
Tell me the info about India's geography
Bring me latest tech news
Please tell DSW I'm returning defective shoes
what movies have brad douriff been in?
Is there anything new in my email folder?
Play The Gilmore Guys podcast.
find details about President Barrack Obama
yeap you have done answer exactly.
crate event 'swimming day' on thursday and set it to repeat
What time does *** start?
How long should I cook a steak to be medium?
Open Pandora app and play station named Hoizer radio.
uh no, you've done task in wrong manner.
local things to do
can you please clarify once again.
PDA, erase my appointment for March 7.
order chinese food
PDA, what are the events happening around me today?
Did I receive any new email from Robert?
what event going to held in harischand maidan
open radio at <unk>
When is the last train from Phoenix?
Define garbage
This item should be removed from list
What time can I catch the train to DC and arrive by 9 AM?
this is unimportant for me.
change the house lights to pink
thanks but i think you do not get me.
whats the traffic density in NH8?
Draft response to John's email
Today some things happened
hmm, this is not what i asked.
When can you use word set?
PDA can you define this word
How many minutes pass 4 pm?
s2, i can not quite catch up with you.
Select the next episode in the podcast please.
reply wishes to john by email
don't really care.
that was helpful, i appreciate it.
Turn the wemo off.
Are there any events happening this weekend?
Is my order ready for pick up now?
How is traffic from work to home.
would you tell me what i said one more time again.
What is the current stock rate of facebook
Olly, isn't it funny how the weather keeps getting worse.
Turn off bedroom fan
please add my pay days
Help me start my kitchen list.
really i wouldn't mind, olly.
What's the news from source
Lower the speakers
Next
could you please check what said.
snapchat
Email staff group distribution about tomorrow's meeting
book a taxi to the airport for tomorrow morning
what day is it
make a catalogue
let's just skip appointment at time
please rephrase more on what you have just said to me.
How would I do an PSSO in my knitting project?
will you do it again please.
Can you set the living room lights to pink?
Take out event from calendar
Delete all the events in my calendar.
could you shut down please.
open songs by Prince
can you reset what you've said.
would you try the last utterance spoken once more please.
write this event to my calender
How Many food items on the list
i am sorry but i think that is not correct.
Play the last played playlist
stop it.
What is the cost of iPhone 7
please correct that command.
post in FB my birthday event
Send an email to George Brown
I want to hear my favorite song
Olly, what movies are playing right now?
what is the weather in home town
Play solitaire with me
Play the song Major Tom by David Bowie
Set any appointment for this event in my calendar.
Check my email for the last hour
Tell me what time it currently is.
turn <unk> to green
Please tell me if theres going to be snow this weekend
send the data by secured mail by today to gerry
Raise the lamp's light.
the lights are too bright
do I have meetings today
What is on the list for today ?
got your understanding right.
Get rid of that item
Switch to X time zone
whats the weather like right now in new york
how do i make <unk>
you did great work,.
remove my morning alarm
Price of train ticket from delhi to mumbai
How much does 1 euro cost in rupees.
Report alarm settings.
Do I need to undertake any particular activity during my stay at the Yellowstone National Park?
Let's send an email
it was cool,.
What's the highest mountain range in the world?
Play me something pop
confirmed.
Please u don't speak in 8 to 10 P.M.
Let me know the alarm time.
listening song of arijit singh,post it on my fb account.
would you explain me about your answers once again.
lower the intensity of light
How many likes does my last instagram photo have
Add event every second Friday of the month
What volcanoes are currently active?
Olly what are the latest changes happening today in the US
can you shut off.
open twitter
Skip this podcast
Please find new from CNN
Which is the best place to visit in this month ?
you are my star, thank you very much.
whatever is ok with me.
Play the most popular song by given artist.
Save this afternoon for my date
Call me at 6 am
Remove Yams
Tral Encounter: 2 Terrorists Killed In Encounter In South Kashmir, 1 Policeman Dies
Turn off the rice cooker socket
Information
s2, i am unclear about what you just said.
Please Play Aretha Franklin's Call Me next.
go to setting
Can you start the coffee machine for me?
Report weather for Largo.
where is the closest movie theater in columbia s.c.
Give me the weather detail of 15th March
Set alarm to begin
Tell me the train ticket price of California to Chicago
Who am I meeting at work tomorrow?
Remind me of my meeting
How many times does (number) go into (number)?
Are there any recent unread emails?
Find me a joke related to baseball.
Select and play only christian rock from 1990 upwards.
Can you forward an episode in the podcast?
open temple run game
lady gaga
will u take care of the home security system?
Say the list.
Current song rating, three stars.
i can not quite catch up with you.
What music service has some soul music I can listen to?
retry what said please.
Add this song to my music
Can I have my list
Can I order takeaway from Spanish place?
anything is ok for me.
olly add my upcoming meeting to my calendar
what about ashwin?
Will I be able to get away with shorts today?
Are there unread emails in Gmail?
anything will be ok with me.
Tell me upcoming event's
sorry but i think you didn't get response correctly.
Do I have any meetings tomorrow at 9 pm?
the command was wrong.
yeah exact response to the command.
Please give me today's date.
Turn lights off in living room
switch off the plug point
what is the my upcoming events?
Find emails about hours from work
What is the exchange rate with in 1 british pound.
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
please once again elaborate to me.
Give me the latest on Donald Trump.
Please turn off the Wemo plug socket.
I want you to remove the wedding on the 10th from my calendar.
what about the newyork city traffic?
Prepare my morning coffee.
tell me about today
Discontinue use of lights.
i'd like to hear what you just said again.
that's useful, thank you.
In the music player play track 17.
Is Beyonce married or divorced?
play a angry bird.
play work from home song
please email my team
My day was so busy
Please open my contact list
what open lists do i have?
Tell me what happened today from 8am to 9am.
when I came back from this place?
how is the weather in utah right now
Print me money
do not care.
delete bread from shopping list
i think you have done the task all wrong.
you are hero, thanks, olly.
sorry but i think you've got that not right.
What is on my rap playlist?
Echo I added a new email address for Joe yesterday, will you find it please.
nope, i did not say it.
Could you remind me to take the bins out on thursday
email XXXXX@gmail.com add to email contacts
baseball scores.
Do I have email from my friend Rachel?
Does Pings have takeaway?
directions to mcdo?
Text me if NY Times makes a post about India.
Switch up the color of the lights in the house.
Olly, find my food.
How long does it take the train to get from here to the Met?
Siri, what is $10 in Rubels?
ah it's good, olly.
Movies with good rotten tomato ratings
Send an email to Shelly and ask if we are going to dinner next Monday night
thanks for answers, olly.
Please check if paradise does takeaway
clear all concert schedule
Play lady by kenny roger
replay the last said please.
add this to a list
how old is Trump?
I would need to be notified of church services on Sundays at 11 am.
At what time does the next train leave for Berlin?
What is the time in Hyderabad ?
PDA, please add an item in my calendar.
Remove from the playlist my Old English Songs list
qwetqwtqwtwqt
Robots
i want to hear that again.
reply to email
PDA please respond to Greg's email stating that his idea is fantastic.
Start up bejeweled
Did I receive any new emails from Dan?
can you tell me about animal kingdom in amazon forest
i am unclear about what you said.
Power off the wemo plug
What is the stock price for...
you have done it correctly musch appreciated.
doesn't matter, olly.
dammit, you gave me incorrect information.
Alexa play my country playlist.
play chess
Ok Google, raise your volume
Please tell me how long do you think Trump will last.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME IS THERE ANY UPDATE IN WEATHER.
Book a train tickets for me
Siri, tweet to @Target, your store #Cincinnati, Ohio TriCounty store is messy!
would you please check and confirm what i just said.
Play the football game on the radio
alexa how would you describe a ball?
what gun shows are in tulsa?
could you speak one more again.
please could you repeat.
Delete my meeting for tomorrow.
why isnt adam sandler funny PDA?
Please tell me about friendahip
you rock, thank you so much, olly.
What's happening around the world?
alexa how much do you know about me
Please paly for me Elvis Preley song again
Please check for recent emailstudy from this sender.
What is the traffic like today?
will you say what you have just said once more please.
when was this song released
Start radio and go to frequency on 92.7
what time is it in someplace when it's sometime in otherplace?
Can you adjust the lighting for me to be brighter?
olly would you just cancel it please.
PDA, add to calender, Dr. K at 3:30 pm on March 7.
Set event as meeting notification
Facebook
Is it friday.
I want to listen to the latest Mike and mike podcast.
Call Golden Taxi to pick me up at 7pm today.
Book a train ticket from here to Charleston, West Virginia at 8 AM today
PDA, how do you define the word orange?
who is the artist
Once a new topic on politics comes up alert me
Clean my entire calendar
Delete all my events for tomorrow
PDA, open memos
play popular dance music
talk to you later.
Change the color of the lights to blue
Give me a recipe for lasagne
what you have said is not clear to me.
you're not correct.
What alarms do I all have set
resume last played audiobook
not a good day
will you tell me once more please.
When is Katy Perry's birthday?
replay that.
Ok Google! Lower all volume on speakers please
I need to write an email to a new address, brandon at example dot com
What's the price of GE right now?
remind me about shopping 30 minutes later.
ANY RESTAURANT IN THE BEAUTIFULL
Lower the light level in my house
Tell me when the next alarms are for.
Is there a groomer in town for cats only?
Put this event in a repeating pattern on my calendar
PDA, send that email to James, please.
add a marriage celebration party on this sunday
Please cook me a hamburger.
any one would be good to me.
Change that off the list
that doesn't really matter to me.
Keep quite.
I need to figure out this percentage.
s1, rephrase me more on it.
How tall is Lebrom James
what is the coldest place on earth
Take out available, Louies
MAINE APNE FRIEND AUR FAMILY KO EMAIL KARNA CHAHTA HU.
resume my audiobook where we paused last
yes answer was amazing.
Please play song x
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
save that song and my opinion
sent to
i am not clear about last sentence.
Resume play on my most recent audiobook selection.
Olly can you change my timezone to central?
How do I make a turkey?
what time is it in des moines?
shit, you've done a task wrong.
Book a taxi to the airport
PDA look up meal recipe
What's on my schedule this week?
PDA, call mom.
please can you confirm what i just said.
confirm details.
Today is which date
If I could go anywhere in the world, where should I travel
olly, clean the flat
add shopping to my to-do list
will you check my last instruction please.
Video Games
PDA, tell me whats on the web.
I can't hear you
Play last reason podcast
Should I take my sunglasses with me when I go out today?
Call a taxi company.
Start cleaner
Did I get any messages from John?
Email Ashwin Patel my best wishes and an attachment of work.pdf
complaint to dept. for overpricing
wake me up at 6 am
What is a Canadian dollar worth in the US?
i think your response was not correct.
Start my movies soundtrack list.
Did anyone send me an email?
right response to the command.
PDA, show me delivery near me.
Echo I just got an email from Bill I need to answer it right now.
I'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please.
what is X + Y?
thanks, that's good.
send an email to my supervisor
get news from reddit
Take me to news from NBC
yes perfect response to the command.
set my alarm for 7am
what pubs are close to me.
you are helpful, appreciated.
demographics
I would like to listen to
yes you've understood that right.
you've done that correctly thank you so much.
Please remind me to take off coffee off stove in 10 minutes
Have I received any emails in the last hour?
elaborate me further on your answer please.
Alarm 5 PM
what's the forecast for this week
rewind the episode of podcast.
What is the current exchange rate between dollars and euros?
post to facebook
Where is South Asia located?
please rephrase it further to me.
Hi This is john, I would like to know the special dish for today.
Post a tweet as follows' very bad follow up by abc company. Not satisfied' in my account
Day on 22nd April
Post the picture I just took on Twitter.
Olly can you tell me how to cook chocolate chip cookies?
Switch the smart plug socket.
play a jazz.
Please delete this event
Please play classical music.
yeah that was confirmed.
olly's command is not correct.
send email to joseph@gmail.com
Erase next calendar event
Kickball is over, I do not need the alarm for kickball on Wednesday evening, any longer.
What is the time in India right now?
listen to pop songs
Search Nandy containing payment
Who is the governor of New York?
I want to listen to ... podcast
Please tell Kmart they sent the wrong item.
Tell me about the news.
Don't forget to remind me of my brother's birthday on April 20.
What goes with risotto?
I would like for us to play Jeopardy now.
olly, cancel all events in the next two days
play metallica
Send me a reminder to pick up my dog from the groomer at 1pm.
ask a restaurant in My area
What time is my reservation for this Saturday?
i think it was not the correct command.
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for March 25
Please update me on my social media accounts.
i'd like to hear your information spoke again.
identify song
I want to order food
I want music.
it's good.
I need some rap!
Reply to Erins email by saying I will be on time
I want to order some food
What is the best cuisine in the country?
What day o the week is 12th
Create calendar info for albert's marriage
Read what lists I have
play ___ playlist
Look up next weeks weather for me please.
what is apple's stock price
Remind me 30 minutes before my meeting at 3pm tomorrow
What does the word Hypocrisy mean
Play adele hello
Help me book a train ticket
make an alarm
Olly, give me instructions on how to cook chicken.
Please play the early 80's Franks Sinatra stuff I have.
Is there email id of John in the list.
turn down the speakers
check the details please.
i want the cheapest train ticket to new york
evening
What spices are in Indian food?
Siri, describe a rainbow
i'd like you check and confirm my last command please.
What are my newest emails?
what is trending
you did nice job,.
Explain how to sear a steak
Did you add tomorrow's meeting to my calendar?
what do I need to remind for this afternoon?
Are any of my new emails from Amy?
Increase the volume so that i can hear it in other room
oops, you did not understand me.
can you check and confirm what just said.
sorry but i think it was not the right command.
what was that.
Can you brighten up the lights please?
that was good one, appreciated.
please play rap
Email the message Hi come down for dinner tonight to Bro
please could you check and confirm detail.
Tell me the weather.
update email
will you tell me one more again please.
COULD PLAY PROGRAM IN REQURIED OF THE
Let's play a game of chess.
Where is the fire?
play Madonna now
Please turn the music up.
call person A for meeting.
Add work to my calendar for every Friday.
more bright
s2, i don't catch that.
Cancel Sam's party.
give me today's sports news
Has Sally Fields ever won an Academy Award?
where is my meeting at 9AM?
Open talk radio station.
How old is Draymond Green
you are awesome, i appreciate it.
Do I have a party tomorrow save on my calendar?
could not understand your words.
Let me hear that podcast
show new emails from katey
tell me what i said one more time again please.
Please book a train ticket from London to Manchester
could you please elaborate your response once again.
please rephrase me more on what you have just said.
Email to Caroline: How are you? Can you send me updates on last project. Cheers Tomasz
Mute the living room speakers
Show current events around me
Remind me the upcoming meeting at 4 AM today
i appreciate it, it is excellent job.
I need to buy gas
i'd like you check and confirm the details please.
which film the music comes from?what is the name of the music
Can you tell me who create you?
What are the local events?
How much are train tickets to Vegas?
increase brightness by 20 percent
olly will you stop.
please will you replay.
What lists are currently available right now?
Play Rocky Horror Playlist
Complain to the DMV office about the excessively long line.
Talk to me about the list
How much is 2000 yen in USD
please will you check details.
hmm, i didn't say that.
Remind me about my meeting at 2pm
Let me see what emails I got.
repeat daily
please fix the command.
I always pay attention
you have done that right appreciated.
i would not mind, olly.
whats on my shopping list?
your response is not so clear.
yeap correcly.
order pizza
uber please
can you confirm instruction.
Book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may 2 for stored passenger list
start robo vac
what is the exchange rate between USD and INR
Add Rebecca Green to my list of favorite contacts
yes you have done it exactly.
please turn off kitchen light
Put the lights off now.
Just let me know tomorrows weather
please show me lists
Erase my appointment on the 12th from my calendar.
olly that's enough, just stop it.
events in the local are?
Book me a train ticket to...
Who am I eating lunch with today?
give the latest updates on narendra modi
i was unclear about what you've said.
any one is okay to me.
sorry but you had me not correct.
send a request to this company to receive a refund
Play my favorite music now
can you elaborate me on your answers again.
wrong i will repeat the command now.
how is the stock for compaq doing?
Olly, tell me the temperature.
Schedule a meeting with Ri on April 1st at 10AM
Raise the volume to max
Email my boss that I'm coming in late today.
play madonna
Is there takeaway at Papa John's?
Automobiles
Delete all upcoming yoga sessions.
How much is 1gbp in usd?
how to cook rice, Olly
please would you repeat.
What is the subject of Mom's last email?
Please dim the overhead lights
How old is Jennifer Lopez?
silence PDA
Clothing
can you remind me of Sunday gym every Saturday evening
What day is Halloween this year?
Please keep me up to date on <insert topic here>
do you know recipe for risotto
Breaking news for today
it's fantastic job, olly.
this is not what i requested.
Turn house lights off.
thanks but you have got it incorrect.
How much is 500 pesos worth?
Tell me the quickest route to Joe's place
musch appreciated, that's good.
What's happening on BBC news today?
olly put wash the car to my to do list
Can you play Call Me by Aretha Franklin after this song is finished playing.
I want to play a game
Please increase the light.
Olly, guide me to the restaurant
PDA please check my coming up events
Bring up Twitter to Target Customer Service.
incorrect.
Olly, play anything in my recent playlist.
yeap.
Is there a meeting on my calendar this afternoon?
Will it rain later in Manila?
set a repeating calendar event
Name a rom-com movie playing in and around New York theatres.
I would like to place a call to amazon customer service
Buy a train ticket for one week from now from New York, New York to Las Vegas Nevada
Olly, where Is the closest Good restaurants
What's the answer to the universe?
play purple haze
Remind me to do something then
can you delete that event on
that is good one, thanks.
Forward email to liz
i think you did that incorrectly.
kindly break down your statement and make it simple.
Olly, its Jim's birthday on 2nd March, mark it in your calendar.
New email for contact
Play the podcast entitled episode 1 Making a Murderer.
What are the scores from last night's hockey games.
Please turn off the lights in the kitchen.
Lights to 50%
Remind me of this meeting soon.
Has John replied to my Facebook post?
you've got the command right.
Did I receive a message from Kevin?
clear my day olly from meetings
you helped a lot, thank you so much.
Please pull up the wikipedia article on glass blowing
i do not catch up with you.
Send an email to mom.  What is the weather like there this week?
Open Twitter and add complaint on Doctor Patel's feed.
Send a reply to this email.
Can you list out my meetings today?
Can you order me a pizza today from dominos?
Play R&B music
i'd like you just stop it.
what is omorrows events
you have made some mistake.
make list
minimize the lights
please tell me what time it is
What is the definition of forensic?
what rihana is doing
play fm 109
first play tvf podcast after that being humorous podcast
wake me at 7 am
am i busy this weekend
let us try what you've said one more time again.
seems like your answer you have was wrong.
how was tthe first president of us
Add new contact and send email
that is of no importance for me.
Olly, open Pandora and play 'workout'
hmm, you gave me wrong information.
please can you further explain me about your words.
What are lady gagas most popular songs
define
Make the list of person of the year
Hey, when is the next local from Mumbai to Pune?
Olly, dim the lights in the hall
that's good one, olly.
Make a list about selena gomez concert schedule
What is the time over in Florida?
Play the most current episode of Levin
can u tell me the phone number of me
What is the schedule of the next Maggie Rogers concert?
that's amazing, thank you very much, olly.
Alexa, i would like to set the event repetitive
yeah got that perfectly.
Hey, email Jan about our meeting
What are the latest crime statistics for my area
Robotics
When is the next train to Center City Philadelphia?
What shops are around here?
shit, you have done all wrong.
Turn off the lights in this room please.
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
Please play next episode
i hate this song
Respond to my email from Bob letting them know i'll see them tomorrow.
put on rock 105.3
What song is playing now.
what is the music playing right now.
play audiobook of jacob
Please hold for the next hour
create a list that is available
How are you today
With all of the information you can gather on the internet could you please provide me with the best probable explanation of who killed President Kennedy.
please set the equalizer in the party mode.
Schedule an alarm to wake me up after 3 hours.
How many pending reminders do I have?
Do I have meeting with Steve this week?
AN OBJECT IS AN INVISIBLE
i appreciate it, that's amazing.
Play something from Keane's Hopes and Fears album.
Siri, how long has Susumu Hirasawa been creating music?
Set a reminder for the thirteenth that I have a lunch with Dale.
I want to hear the latest podcast episode of S-Town
What is laptop
Please turn on Roomba.
Recommend Pub, eighth and monte diablo
Get me fresh news.
provide contact location
Open Pandora and search for a classic rock station.
whaich is the richeast country in the worls in terms of income and standard of living.
check the last thing said please.
Show me future events
Is it going to be nice out this week?
I want some information on john lennon
What is the forecast for Saturday?
that's helpful, thank you so much.
Could you repeat this event?
weather for tomorrow
Remember to pick me up by 12 noon from the Airport, I have a 3 pm meeting.
i'd like you check my last question please.
I need oranges added to my grocery list.
Switch off kitchen lights
i want to know about <unk>
olly will you shut down.
IT IS HOT TODAY, IS NOT IT ?
I wanna laugh,Can you make it happen?
I haven't checked my Facebook yet, are there any updates from my close friends?
Turn off the lamps.
this was not clear to me.
Please play me some Madonna from the 80's
will you further elaborate me on what you have said please.
PDA, please send an email to my family.
please again clarify me on last sentence.
Where is norman reedus from
Can you save this, 'what a nice song', for me?
change light colour to yellow
what to i have a my to do list
send reply to joe
tell me what is currently trending
turn off lamp
please let us try what said once more.
show latest email from Mark, Olly
yeah you've done it perfectly.
PDA! Please read my new mails
I need to have location services on, can you check?
start play spider
Good Morning, Vietnam!
choose that music player
Give me the stock price of Intel
PDA I am leaving early today.
really don't mind.
How many people live in Oxford now?
Do I have a date on Friday?
Please program volume settings for 16 when I'm in the room at 14 for when I've gone to bed.
fantastic job, you've done well.
will you tell me it one more again please.
Reply email to Charlotte
play ride music track
PLEASE TELL WHAT WOULD BE THE WEATHER IN WASHINGTON DC FOR THE COMING WEEK.
book a cab to office for me
Please go to Amtrak.com to purchase tickets
Tell me your answer
What is the address of Tara john?
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
perfect work, you did well.
Email mom about lunch
Crabmeat recipe
Between May 1 and December 31, what meetings occurred
Check email for OTP sent by my bank.
Start next episode playing
Wake me up every weekday at 7
Red FM chit chat auto tune
uhh no, you've done that all wrong.
turn off wemo <unk> in game room
Hey Olly, play me a popular country song?
Lighten the light
Add event, book club, Debbie's house, Wednesday night
Play some Lady Gaga.
Play classical channel in Sirius
may i know the time in london
what you just said was not so clear to me.
turn on the radio to 105.3
Find me a train ticket to Cleveland on April 14th
Where does Kate Middleton buy her kids clothes.
on 23rd march i have to go to meet my aunt.
What's my schedule like today?
Change my calendar for today
read freds emails
please can you confirm my last question.
sorry but it is incorrect.
When is the next train arriving to Union Station from Grand Central Station?
How long do you cook an egg over easy?
don't mind for whatever.
find nearest train station
Get me a ticket to Boston.
Olly set a lunch date for next Tuesday at noon with Sarah at Black Angus.
I need to book a train ticket to LA
Will the weather be hot or cold tomorrow?
whats happening in pop industry
that's useful,, olly.
can you clarify more on that.
add meeting reminder for Sunday with my parents in law
your birth date
would you elaborate again to me please.
speak that again.
wouldn't mind for whatever.
yeah perfect response to command.
Set a reminder for two days prior of the event
when is the next appointment
Bruce lee
PDA, play the radio for me.
i am not so clear about what you just said now.
what is justin bieber's birthday?
send an email to fred from work he is in my contacts
play my playlist
When will the match start
I need a train ticket to Cambridge from here
start the vacuum at 9am.
what's the latest on stock market?
list new
PDA I like electronic music
Olly set a reminder for dinner at 6PM on wednesday at Bonefish Grill.
you did nice job, thank you very much.
PDA, What's the directions to the nearest pizza hut?
would you check and confirm the last thing said.
What does flabbergasted mean?
Can you see what Andrew emailed me about?
money exchange
this does not really matter for me.
Olly, look up movies near me.
play run
remove item from list
you rock, musch appreciated.
Play next episode of her story.
you understood my instructions right.
olly please can you shut down.
How long until my next doctor appointment?
Remove alarm.
that's wrong.
play the song from last night at 6pm
How many times do I eat out every month?
show emails about contract
is outside raining.
Turn Up!
Rahul contact
how many number of fans does that person have  approximately.
Post the following as a status on Facebook:
Up coming events
Play for me Hip-Hop music
Look up word
oops, i think you didn't get response right.
Please tell me the top global news headlines.
remove all alarms set today
Check emails from MGCCC
How many meetings did Mahatma Gandhi undertake
anything, olly.
Show me all my commands.
Church with Mom and Dad on Sunday.
yes you got answer correcly.
olly please could you shut up.
appreciate your answers, olly.
How much is a GBP in USD?
Is today a sunny day?
I need to know the time?
Define computer
This is one of the best songs for me
Send an alert before meeting
Please block <insert time and date information> on my schedule
stock price of goog
yes exact response.
Listen to Rush Limbaugh on 97X.
Can you look up the definition of cavil?
show me all my pending reminders
How do I get to Bloomingdale's from my place?
play back in black
Play all songs on shuffle
How to I get to Cape Cod?
stream all songs from 'rock'
What is the highest rated joke today
How many miles is New York City from Los Angeles?
What do I need to complete first from the list Olly?
What is photosynthesis
time between US and canada
What's the best value marathon to enter in the next 6 months?
olly that's enough, just stop.
tell me the artist of this song.
change the plan of xxx
What are you reading lately?
Delete it
Tweet to Ikea costumer service the following, I'm not happy with this new KLM product
Remind me to pay my bills at the start of every month
please check what i just said.
switch off all lights
send mail to sil for cap
Add remember to call Mom to my reminders.
PDA, Play the radio station 101.9
EXCHANGES RATES ANY PROBLEMS
my party planning
i am sorry but i think it's not correct response.
Create email to John start body I am interested in seeing the car you have for sale can we schedule a time to meet? Send
tell me ways to learn cooking
Was there any articles on shark attacks on snapchat yesterday?
explain more on your answer please.
Do you have any regrets, or are value judgments outside the scope of your intellectual capacity?
How big is England?
Play my all time favorite songs
Hey, Olly. What is the definition of passive?
Play the Kansas City hip hop station
what is the latest action movie running in theaters
please once again elaborate.
i think got that wrong.
send me information about events this week
Do I have any unread emails from Chris Thompson?
How many children does David Beckham have?
What is the temperature for Houston, Texas?
Mobile.
olly that is all, just stop it.
thanks but i think you are not correct.
you are my hero, thank you very much, olly.
Is that person living currently ,If yes where and how old is that person now.
I want to find some Chinese food, what is near me?
Olly time Mr. Coffee for 6 am
yes you've gotten my instructions exactly.
How do I get to Poughkeepsie from NYC?
Delete next calendar event
will you please confirm that.
What day does my birthday fall on this year, June 27th?
What are the lyrics to this song.
Turn on my son's room plug socket on/off.
What is the weather like this week
i was not clear about your words.
play songs bu Adele
I want the date of last Monday of this month
what are the probability that it will rain today?
Cheapest flights to Kansas City from Dallas
What are all the lists I have available?
what time is it?
you have done it correctly.
play underground rap
Alexa, give me another update on breaking news.
Set the alarm for 9am on weekends.
What is my schedule for tomorrow morning.
you got answer exactly.
How is the weather in 57701?
How tall is Mount Rushmore?
Delete scheduled alarm
Alexa are there any backups on route 80 today?
your understanding was exact.
What percentage of the US population is related to the English royal bloodline in some way?
Just let me know the current date today
that must be mistake.
Find lyrics of this song and save it. It is very nice song.
do i have a meeting on friday
send email to jim
play any song of arijit singh.
switch lights to red tone
Mute the sound.
r
please explain again to me.
Remind me about next meeting in advance.
do i need to carry an umbrella today.
hmm, i think you have done the task wrong.
Where is Stockton, California?
What is this song
please post to jeff
could you shut up.
Is today March 6th?
What city was Elvis born
you have gotten it right.
set the alarm in my calendar events before 5 mins
Can you book a train ticket for my mother?
Use Schadenfraude in a sentence.
Tell me all my lists.
show local events near me
calendar erase all
Who was the first president of United States
confirm the command.
keep that song for when I need cheering up
Create meeting with Paul tomorrow at 6 pm.
please will you say once again.
Funny joke
did you get the question correctly?
Compose a tweet for Youtube.
x company stock price
Delete the meeting tomorrow.
Add Dr. rosenstock as an email contact
exact response.
What day of the week is Valentines on?
Add that song to my Top 10 favorites list
When did Prince start singing?
My day was busy
How is the weather looking in Las Angeles?
who is going to my meeting at 9AM?
Start the League of Legends game.
Send an email to jeff at gmail dot com
i don't know.
Set an event for this Sunday and the next two Sundays that I have Yoga at 12:00 pm
PDA, how do you zest a lime without a zester?
Is Gus's a take out place?
it is amazing work, appreciated, olly.
Show me music by that artist.
wouldn't mind to select any one, olly.
Play this podcast
please elaborate me about your answers further.
select the music player
Any local news stories for my home city?
current news
how can you get basalt?
Set the Alarm tone
Play song after this
could you  calculate 5 + 5?
I would like to hear some rap music.
Play a game with me
alexa AMDs current stock prices
What ingredients are needed for making biriyani
Ok Google, let's play FMOD
decrease the volume to 10
05.02.2017
Can you please give the overnight low temps for Costa Mesa?
Find jokes on the web
how much is a train ticket to chicago?
Post a complaint via twitter to CVS Pharmacy.
Hey Siri, my friends gave me a surprise birthday party
Can many seashells did Sally sell by the seashore?
Olly, i fell at work today.
Please remind me to pickup John at school today at 1 pm.
would you just cancel it please.
what on my calander?
let's have the lights blue
What is _________?
What time is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
Is it hot outside?
It's quiet time
pls turn on my balcony lights
get that exactly.
What is happening on Facebook?
What size is a sperm whale?
Hello, I want to go eat
I want to take a trip to Swizerland for free, can you take me there?
Alexa, what is Denzel Washington's next movie?
dictate new email
when is the next blues concert in Liverpool?
Can you play AR Rahman music
We are going to play poker together.
Set a reminder for a meeting at 2pm tomorrow between myself and John.
tlemcen weather
i'd like you to confirm it please.
will you shut up.
It was a tough day today.
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and Canada?
Cortana, will you please mute my speakers?
Ally, please play Pandora radio.
Can you give me directions from McDonalds, Manhattan to my home.
olly that would be all.
ute me about <unk>
What day of the week is 30th
i have a function at washington tomorrow, remind it
pleas replay to the mail of Allen
what is the xxx
find Naty from my contacts and send her an email
Thumbs up this song
check item 5 on my to do list
Whats the closest taxi to me?
are there any recent emails from rohit?
Send an email to Bill about the upcoming weather for the week.
Tell me about what latest inventions are our scientists doing these days?
doesn't really matter with me, olly.
PDA I need you to add Gary's email to my favorites.
Play 91.5 rm radio English songs
Play my music I have programmed.
I like soft rock music
you helped a lot, thank you very much, olly.
Let's go through all pending reminders.
How is the weather right now?
How many hours ahead is NYC?
Do I have any meetings on Friday's afternoon?
can you say what you just said one more time please.
What are my current alerts?
rj raunak programme play on 92.7 fm
Add a reminder on Thursdays at 11:30 am and name it dance classes
good assistants
Play Joy Division.
I need to get the definition of a word
Please add event in calendar
Give me an update on the election in one hour.
can you tell me the date today
PDA: I want to reply to Bob Smith's email
Are there any new emails?
Wake me up at 7 AM.
what is the weather like right now?
Tweet complain @comcast
Change the lights to green.
Do I have a meeting for today in my calendar?
i want to hear that the procedure spoken again.
What's the current temperature?
Between 10pm and 9am all emails received is to be replied to.
it's amazing.
Turn on alarm 30 minutes before liverpool started to play
Book uber taxi for my travel
olly, list most rated deliveroo options for chinese food
write my complaint and tweet it to customer service
ah that's awesome work.
hey, turn off the light please
that's not what i meant to say.
Outside Traffic  status please
google the steps for preparing the dish
no, you did all wrongly.
I need to know current weather in New York city
add 'christmas' on 25-December-2017 at 'sara's place'
Meeting at 8am to 12pm
it is unimportant with me, olly.
how much is the canadian dollar worth vs us dollar?
Olly, play a good movie on my television
Please show me the local weather
how big is Japan
alexa what are the chances of Donald trump turning into a dictator
Can i dry my clothes on the line?
i have no idea about what to choose.
do i have any remainder next sunday
Please play recently paused audio.
Olly, find new email.
Any incoming emails in the last five minutes?
What is the current time in Hong Kong?
4PM
Open Pandora app.
it was not correct.
My mother needs the weekly weather sent to her.
i do not really mind for anything.
Play something by Norah Jones
Is the weather going to be nice this weekend?
define elaborate
Start a new email to George Brown
Book my train ticket to new york.
are there any train times for...
olly i said call jack not jake.
what is the meangin of existence
What are the names of all my saved lists
Make an alarm to wake me up after 5 hours.
PDA what is skynet
create a meeting with friend
set a reminder to <unk>
when is annas birthday remainder set
please play me a song from my fevorate list
What did I tell Susan in my last email?
new messages
pink is all we need
For how many years did Mahatma Gandhi live
Is Chuck Berry dead?
Do I need snow boots?
Can you please tell me who are you?
i do not really mind to select any one, olly.
If I have $2000 in my savings account, how much will I have by the end of the year with interest?
Show last e-mail from mom
cancel wake-up calls for this week
Schedule my 'event' with 'person' at 'time' and 'place'
Please remove tomatoes from grocery list.
Please speak loud.
can i go without coat now
When was Madonna born
Tell me the time.
Could you suggest some fun in New York?
how is brexit going recently?
PDA: Add a notification from Bob's news on the weather
can you please confirm that.
I need the lights in here to be turned up to 7.
would you confirm details.
Lights off for the kids' bedroom please, then change the lights to my room to red.
go back one episode
What time is it in London?
play the last/next episode
PDA send an email to Jesse.
Please play James Altucher's podcast
i think you're incorrect.
Erase item x from my list
Is the 23rd of April a Saturday?
turn on plug
Should I wear rain boots?
don't really bother.
Lights up.
did you get details correctly?
Olly, activate a different light color.
Hey Olly, order a pizza pie with extra cheese.
yeap confirmed.
Make a note of an event  'exhibition 2017 mass' on Mar 25.
show todays news about migration
thank you for your help.
Please tune my XM radio to CNN
What is the weather going to be like today in Tucson?
Tweet for me the complaint about potholes on road
Multiply one thousand by twelve.
Please start FM 89.0 radio channel.
John's birthday is March 5th, please note this.
can you tell me your favorite color?
remind me an email to my sister
Play songs from the R&B and soul genre
Play a song that will make me smile
it's nice one, thank you very much.
Send an email to my boss.
Skip to the next episode.
Turn the volume up
What's the current time in Orlando, FL?
Please start <insert vacuum name>
What is the name of Britain's prime minister?
Is it going to rain today?
what is the climate here today
Today was a hard day.
confirm the last thing i said please.
Please tell me the name of this band
i think you did not get this correctly.
Find events near by
that's great one, i appreciate it, olly.
I really enjoy rock and roll.
Describe the Heart Stone card game.
Find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring.
Add milk to grocery list
The 22nd is what day?
can you speak it again please.
What time does the downtown parade start?
Alexa, provide information about Bill ? from my contact list
Create an event for me at 3:30 pm
Do I need to take an umbrella today?
Should I wear a jacket today?
Check emails from Jane Doe
Can you set the coffee machine to make coffee at x time every week day?
Remove chores from my to-do list
What's happening in my social media
Toggle wemo plug socket on
Please remove this list
delete the event
I would like my PDA to take my dog outside to go the bathroom
What times are today's meetings?
I was late today for the meeting you would not believe what happened
list events around NY
Ask for the weather today morning
Delete everything on my calendar for the next two weeks.
locate nearby dining places
i like you just stop.
Start This Week For Dinner podcast.
Book a train ticket to Oregon.
check in a taxi for booking
What movies are being shown at the Regal Cinema?
plau Tonic
alexa play classic rock
Are there any alarms set? What are they?
olly will you please shut down.
None
What lists do I have queried?
tell me the date today
Check for emails from my employer
play a race game.
yeah your understanding is good.
What movies are playing at theatres near me
What's was the upcoming event
i want to hear what said again.
What is the meaning of PDA?
thanks but that is not the right command.
Did you set the phone on flight mode?
Current Events
Delete item
it seems like olly's command was not right.
that is useful, appreciated.
Play Human nature of Michael Jackson
i want to hear the command spoken again.
i would not care.
Please send an email to (name)
Can you enter an event to my calendar?
Find the joke about the orange and the banana.
Give me a company for playing football
what's my next events
Add vodka to my party shopping list
please start vacuum cleaner
Increase the volume to seventy percent.
Can I hear the joke about the old woman again?
Tell me the population of USA
email James about the softball game. James we need to get some refreshments before heading over.
What is that on the list?
Add a meeting tomorrow with a Pamela at 6
I am unable to hear you, can you speak little loud?
Turn on vacuum cleaning
it was cool, thank you very much.
yeap it is confirmed.
remove all my appointments for today
reply to last email, say 'sorry cannot make it'
s2, what you said is not so clear to me.
Brighten the lights please
how do i make cookies
art exhibitions in california
I got loads of sleep today
yes please.
What time is it in Central Standard Time?
hashtag...loving this weather..post to twitter.
Book a plane ticket to ...
I need this e-mail sent now
How far above sea level is Denver?
you have done the task wrong.
What genre of music is in my music folder?
Olly, please tweet a complaint about a store i visit
I would like the recipe for baked chicken.
What are my new contact emails?
perfect job, you have done well.
follow the following news topic
Turn lights off in bedroom.
it is cool, thank you, olly.
email tom
Start playing jazz music.
How heavy is traffic on interstate 20?
What is scheduled for today?
When was Justin Bieber born?
Remember that I do not like this music.
Space research
Is traffic light?
What's the exchange rate between CZK and euro?
color of light should be dimmed bright.
I want to listen to Rock
run reply to latest email received
Let me know about the exchange rate of Rupee to dirham
please reply to the email
Open my calendar
Who has won the most number of OSCARS ever?
wait, i think this was not the correct answer.
What is Arnold Schwarzenegger's birthday?
When last did I receive a new email?
could you play You DOn't Bring me Flowers
perfect work, you've done well, olly.
would you tell me that once again.
Send a notice to the me and a group members reminding us of the new date for the meeting.
once again.
Search for nearby Chinese restaurants
you made a wrong answer.
olly whats the best place to eat near here
sorry but you have messed up.
set up the following event in the calendar, with the following people
Let national grid know the power is out again.
Search the item
you have done it right.
Do I have any recent emails?
alexa add monas wedding even to my calendar for tuesday
Play my shuffled playlist, please.
give me the weather for merced at 3:00 pm
i am sorry but i think got me not right.
compose email to a new address
Please order one train ticket to Los Angeles.
can i pass the bypass road at current traffic?
repeat this song
What is the definition of a probiotic?
What's the latest news from T-mobile?
please set event on 7 PM
Delete all events and information.
turn of speaker
PDA, Let's take over the world together.
Remove event from my list
what time the costco close
Please recite the items on my grocery list.
Calcualte ohm's law based on these values
check emails
Play bohemian raphsody for me
Take away from the list all food items with prefix dry
Describe Death
you've done that exactly.
recommend me some shops to shopping in Angel
Go on, sweet talk me
How much does BDE cost?
Can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at x time?
Send a complaint to (insert here)
Send an email to Mom, asking if she was able to order the book from Amazon that I told her about.
I want the wemo socket off.
Can u play lovely song
I have to attend a baking contest on Wednesday morning at 7. Save and set reminder.
Is is awful day It looks It will rain the whole day
What street do i take to get to downtown?
Do I have anything on the list?
Please find today's stock prices for Samsung company.
Pandora
give me updates on this news
s
please could you confirm question.
play recently added music
thank you so much, olly.
Customer service from Microsoft never called me back
i did not catch that.
it's nice one, thanks, olly.
Turn off my wemo plug socket.
recorded program may be listened on future days
Obama.
nope, i think you've done the task all wrongly.
i like you just cancel.
Must yourself when I am in a meeting.
would you start over please.
I want reggae.
I like vocals.
I need a reminder at 2:00 every day to check on my mother.
What news updates are there from news express
Please play music from my 80s playlist
Play a song from  Illaiyaraja's composition
Olly, what's close by for dinner?
PDA, can you look up train ticket prices for me?
Set Bob's birthday for every June 3th
Clear calendar of mine
Given it is 4:35 pm in London, what time is it in Melbourne?
Start the I'm Feeling Lucky playlist on Google Play.
Lyrics
Please unmute the settings
What posts have I missed from my friends?
can you remove seeing dentist from my calendar?
Please send an email to Sally regarding tomorrows meeting.
Read shopping list items.
Please check my Facebook account.
What time is it in Hong Kong?
I want to play solitare with you.
can you please further elaborate your response.
play a movie I'll like
What times does the train run on Sundays in Beaumont, Tx?
save this email in my  contact for future use.
Where does the 22nd fall this month?
Please list reminders coming up soon.
Is is cold outside?
When does the train leave Penn Station?
Look up for the residential address of my team leader.
would you confirm the detail.
Tell me about Neal Adams
show me share price of amazon.
yeap that is wonderful.
Will you please show me my lists?
I want to eat two pita gyros please! And some Diet Coke!
i want to hear what i've just said again.
MSN news
Complain to...
I love that song. Who sings it?
Let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please.
Open my music
is umbrella necessary for my outing
delete any and all events
play newest bob dylan playlist
Olly, can i get a cup of coffee?
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE CLASSICAL MUSIC FOR ME.
what should i do this weekend
ah it's awesome job.
it's fantastic, thank you.
What is happening in the area?
Send an email to... that says....
Did Linda Connors reply to any of my emails this morning?
you've gotten it exactly.
Can you please turn on NPR where I am?
can you wake the roomba for the kitchen?
Let me know about current traffic in Carmen Drive
What should I cook for supper?
you did excellent job, thank you so much.
remove alarms set for tomorrow
new mail to mom
Is that song from shakira
Horoscope
Calculate the resistance of this resistor.
I want a nerd joke
Both young drivers and provisional drivers crash more often than other drivers because they have not yet had the wide range of experiences they need to drive safely by themselves. Research has shown that driving experience is a major factor in reducing road crashes and that the safest time for young drivers is when they are driving under supervision while learning.
Decrease the volume to 10%
Please decrease the volume of this song
Play 2112 by Rush.
What are the top world news stories?
Playback Tom Clancy: Splinter Cell
Increase volume please
Will it be too cold for a dress on Sunday?
go to calendar and delete an third event of 27/03/2017
Set up a reoccurring grocery store trip for every Sunday
Email my friend about our plans tonight
How do I cook chicken Alfredo?
anything is ok to me, olly.
COULD YOU TURN OFF LIGHT
New Meeting,add Bill and Malinda as attendees
volume - level
Myspace
Start my play list.
Create a new event on my calendar
What is todays weather?
There was heavy traffic on my way home
yes you have got the answer correcly.
Olly, change my light color to yellow.
i do not really care.
When is the 22nd?
Is there any new vegan news on FaceBook?
to Chris, write following content
will you say once again please.
I am gonna need an umbrella today after sunset?
i am sorry but i think you are not correct.
PDA when is President's Day?
play workout playlist
This song sucks! Note it down!
s2, i was unclear about last sentence.
How many lists do I have?
When is the doctor's appointment?
I need to write a bad review for Yahoo.
s1, please could you elaborate me about your words once again.
What's on my schedule next week?
Put hamburger on my grocery list.
you get it perfectly.
My schedule
uber
Tell Sean I appreciate him reaching out to me.
define blanket
What is hurricane
Social media.
Name the capital of Nigeria?
repeat what i've just said please.
did you get that correctly?
Calculate distance from Boston to New York
Friday what time is the forum about Drugs in the civic center?
Do I have any music by Lady Antebellum?
Will it be warm tomorrow?
please rephrase again to me.
PDA, mark sarahs b-day party on the 12th
tell me everything you know about sloths
speak the last one one more again please.
delete event
What is the latest on Donald Trump
my party list
play pong against me
Olly mark 1st january as new year event for every day
i think you had this wrong.
I want to play rock songs by Ozzy Osbourne
Tweet Lfix and let them know my app crashed.
would you check and confirm last thing said please.
Today's day is really tiring.
i'd like to hear what you've just said again.
Tell me about Jhon Abraham Lincon
tell me once more.
Search for a better price on a new pair of glasses.
Please brief me about this week's weather
Find new music from Jars of Clay for me
hmm, you did a task all in wrong manner.
How is the current traffic between....
delete the following list:
Will I need an umbrella for today?
reset alarm
yeap amazing response to command.
What is the time zone in Florida?
turn on smart socket in dining room
Show me the stock prices of Walmart.
Hey Google, what is on my alarm schedule?
please speak one more time again.
please delete all of my calemdar events for the rest of the day
please turn on the music i want to hear my favorites songs
Play game with me
What is the event on March 19th at 2PM about?
Play my rock playlist.
i don't really bother.
2AM REMOVED 4PM SET
Where is an Olive Garden that does takeaway?
tell me what the formal defination is of .......
What's on the New York Time?
Olly I want some coffee now
You want to know how my day went?
Ok Google, delete Eric's bday from the calendar.
check all emails from XXX
thanks but i think you didn't understand command correctly.
Latest news from the area.
Are we friends?
Book a train for 22 March at 12pm
Olly, email Alice to let her know we are on the way,
Reply to my email from Sasha saying thanks.
i need you to turn on the vacuum cleaner
can i alk in street this evening
Remove Thanks Giving event from my calendar
please explain your answers further.
yes amazing response.
set up a taxi for 11am tomorrow
start next podcast episode.
what family activities are happening in los angeles tomorrow
add new email address
What's the weather for my location this week
yeap answer was good.
Tell me Today's direction.
Add wash jeans to laundry list
Give me details of my twitter handle profile including the total number of followers.
what's on the grocery list?
please bring up my itunes
Start the poker game
What is the traffic like this morning
play the track 8 from google play music .
PDA can you please change the mood of the light.
could you please check and confirm the details.
i do not really care, olly.
view all unread emails from Stacy Cadwell
Tell me about morel mushrooms.
Order spaghetti from Spaghetti Warehouse to bring home.
Set my calendar to remind me to buy groceries every Friday.
Why did gotse shoot Mahatma gandhi
I need to change the color of this light.
What is the exchange rate between $500 USD I'm fraancs?
don't let me forget to <unk>
Olly, accumulation of snow predictions in buffalo
Give me the date of Monday on third week of this month
Is it 10:00?
Set notification for 6 o clock news update
What is traffic to work now?
What is traffic?
what did you mean by saying this.
Please remove a list
forward this one
I want to cook Italian dishes show me some.
Please save my opinion about the song that is currently playing.
In this month how many holidays are there
call my wife
Open chess, play against me
15+20
What is a cell tower?
has anyone tagged me in a photo on facebook
remove the alarm for tomorrow
What events are going on around my place?
Remind me at the 15th of every month.
Is it rainy in my area?
What time is it in in California?
Do you know any good jokes?
add <unk>
Can you tell me my recent emails?
resume harry potter book 4
Remove the Santana music list.
I want to know what are happening now in my area
yeah you have got my instructions right.
please post this picture on facebook
you are awesome, i appreciate it, olly.
it's helpful, thank you, olly.
Olly, find me the perfect girlfriend.
add email
No body knows
events upcoming
Can you open beatles
set alarm for reminder
Scan the radio for howard stern
prepare some cups of coffee for us
Play a song i like.
This computer is very hard to fix
Olly retrieve the light for me.
What does 1+1equal?
In very 3 hours give me my Facebook update.
yeah exact response to command.
olly add sugar to my shopping list
please rectify the incorrect command.
olly add tomorrows dinner date to the calendar
Pause the movie and find director or cast commentary about the scene I just watched.
Let me know today's date in American format?
Order a large plain pizza from Mimo's for me.
Every Wednesday night at 5pm remind me to meet Phil.
Open email, check messages
When did pop it like it's hot come out?
What is the linear equation
I need to get up at 7:00 am.
Tell a joke that puts smile on my face
End this podcast, start anew.
How old is Mary S?
play sanam
Pull up the shopping list.
get rid of a list
What will the weather be like in two weeks
can you schedule a meeting with Mr. Chen on next Monday 6:00pm?
get me the number for local taxi service
Tell me if I have new emails.
PDA: I want some music, how about playing my workout playlist
i am sorry but i think you had that incorrect.
Could you list out the list of trains heading to XX the day after?
Bullet train from Tokyo to Hokkaido - under 3000 yen for next weekend
i like you check the detail please.
could you delete all my appointments on calendar?
What color is a basketball?
Will you tell me what time it is in Cloverdale, Indiana?
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE EXCHANGE RATE FOR USD TO INR
usning calc
Erase all calendar events
i would not know.
Clear my calendar for the rest of the day.
will you check details please.
you've gottten that incorrectly.
Play the Breakfast Club.
Send an email to Bill that I'm sorry I didn't realize he was so sick
how many times did ben email me
tell me a date
I'd like to listen to hear a mix of dance and country
how much is the dollar verus the pound
Tell me something I can do to help my community today ?
Ok Google, where is antartica?
Skip to the next episode in this podcast.
sorry but i think that's incorrect command.
please check what said.
i need you to turn on the radio
Put on the screen the lists I have available.
that is of no importance with me, olly.
pda set a reminder about my hair cut appointment on the 21st at Floyd's 99.
what are the best recipes for <unk>
i can not understand what you said.
What's the weather next Wednesday?
could you confirm the last thing i said please.
Alexa play my most recent playlist.
How old is Ellen?
What is time of Indianapolis Express.
Hi alexa,play me playlist of A R Rehman songs released current year.
set an alarm at 10:00AM tomorrow and label it as meeting.
i don't quite catch that.
Is there any interesting event nearby me?
What are all my lists please
Will it be windy tonight?
Display the local time of London at this moment.
My list please.
Play chess app
you are so helpful,, olly.
Assign an owner, or person responsible, to the ticket
The definition of beauty.
What's my emals this morning say?
Remove all the events in my calendar
Set a new alarm for that time
i like you check and confirm the last thing i said please.
train schedule to..
answer was right.
let us try your last things once more please.
would you tell me one more time please.
What's the news in politics?
lets play
You can send the email to abc@gmail.com, this is my new email address
Is there a way to clear my calendar?
will you try again.
How many records did Prince make?
I want to hear this radio station now
Make me a cup of coffee, please.
could you confirm it please.
delete appointment at time
What is the exchange rate for the english pound and us $
Show me the news.
PDA, play my pop playlist.
will you please check and confirm last thing said.
Divide 1500 by 160
what is programme for today?
Create packing checklist
Please tell me current events for the day
activate the roomba
i beg your pardon.
PLEASE SET ALARAM FOR TODAY
play 80s music playlist
Nanotechnology
pardon.
delete my upcoming calendar event
Am I available at 5pm on Sunday?
light is too much.
Events, description
Can you book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tommorow morning.
can you check and confirm detail please.
Anything new on social media?
Please add concert at summerfest to calander
Delete the work luncheon this Friday.
Do I have any other contact phone number for Alison?
I need you to have the volume louder
clear future event
Is there any news articles on the fire at Pigeon Forge?
appreciate the answer.
Pull up Outlook, I need to send a email.
will you help me get better in studies?
it's good job, thank you so much.
that's correct.
When will my food be ready?
show me yesterdays weather
Please check my mail
What are my reminders for this week?
you are smart.
mcdo direction?
What are the different types of round objects?
What is the current status of resolving general relativity with quantum physics?
PDA please set up the usual meeting event for our business trips.
PDA: Can you turn off the living room lights?
Tell me about Narendra Modi.
that's cool,, olly.
i think you made some mistake, please check it.
set a reminder alerm for my 5pm meeting please
what's the temperature today?
s1, could you clarify me further on that please.
Olly, book me a train ticket to New York City on the 3rd. I don't care what time.
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
I need a song to calm me.
what song is playing
Wake me up at 5:00 am
Tweet this complaint to Delta Airlines...
Do I need to wear my slicker today?
How old is J.K. Rowling?
keep me informed about <unk>
Check all the new them wmails and mark them star
Is April 15th on a weekend?
dammit, not correct answer.
Where can I park?
Read me the latest headlines from NYTimes.com
Save my opinion on the currently playing song.
PDA book a train ticket for one, one way for this Tuesday at 9am.
I want a reminder for an editor's meeting at 2 pm Thursday.
Can you add Name/Location to calendar?
more about the concert in St. Pete
use facebook to post
Can you play my latest audio book?
how will help this meeting
set alarm at 9 am on next sunday
book me a train ride
you have done it correctly, olly.
When is my next dentist appointment?
Lower the volume please
What did the clinic say about my exams
How to cook Crabmeat?
it doesn't really matter with me.
Check by inbox for me.
What events do I have remaining today?
Are there any alarms
Search for best walking directions across multiple applications.
Give me some good sounds
What age is Britney Spears
Publish an email to my co worker with today's scheduled meeting information.
that doesn't really matter for me, olly.
Mixed or fake products in market
will you replay please.
turn on the WRIF for rock
Please find a mail address of Manoj and tell me.
disable my  okug
please add party at chucky cheese to calander
Send a tweet to Youtube that reads...
would you please check the detail.
Look up for my email updates.
Siri, find train tickets
can't get what you've just said.
It is too bright in here, dim the lights.
good job, you did well.
I like the songs of Yeshudas please play it.
mail x@x.org
How long until my order is ready?
Send an email to the newest address added to the address book.
Please cancel my next meeting
How many lists do I have in contacts?
Catcha a ride!
do not really mind to select any one.
please can you speak the last one said once more.
PDA can you give me a 10 minute timer.
How many meetings are on my calendar today?
Do I have any new emails from Sarah?
Set a reminder of meeting at 9 am tomorrow.
Delete my lunch from my calendar scheduled for tomorrow
yes got your understanding exactly.
Why was XXX famous for?
Play for me the music by The Beatles
Can you set the location to my sisters house for this event?
Do I need to bring my snow jacket today?
that is helpful, thanks.
Is there any new unread Yahoo email?
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
will you remind me of my next dentist appointment one day before?
Does it offer pick up?
Tell me a joke about dogs.
Turn on switch of wemo socket.
What is the current date today?
FM 93.5 radio songs
Add lunch with Laura for Thursday at 1:00
What are the latest articles from Yahoo News?
it doesn't matter to me.
Tell me the traffic condition from here to home.
thanks for doing it.
Tell me the latest news about Donald Trump?
Siri, if you could eat, what would you eat, and why?
Remove all scheduled events from the calendar.
What is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
Schedule meeting on
where is band playing
how to make sausage PDA.
Play the local R&B radio station.
will you cancel it.
what time is alarm set for
i want you check details please.
uh no, i think you made mistake, please modify it.
Where is the nearest ATM machine?
achievements of sachin tendulkar
Enter silence mode
set lights to full power
play the next one
Tell me the singer of this track
football matches in newyork
What meetings do i have next thursday?
please set a notification on 23rd october about meeting with my colleague
I need a coffee
Play my video game news podcast starting where I left off.
Please book a train ticket for me.
Make a calendar entry for brunch on saturday morning with Chris, Kimberly, and Aaronson
Search in the web for buying bakeware for muffins
olly, look uo bruno mars
yeah you get command exactly.
what is the square of 4
From where can I get a train ticket for Athens?
please order me lo mein and egg rolls from panda express now
would you check my last command.
show me reviews of Donald Trump
Latest news feed from facebook
yeah agreed.
How come you assistants are never male?
Where can i catch some good things to do tonight.
PDA, access my Clue app and tell me what day of my cycle I am on.
Hi, what's going on
thank you so much for your helping.
Delete the last line.
USD to GBP
Repeat the last song
By 12noon tomorrow create a new list.
Please play my best music
Remind me on the afternoon meeting at 2
Set alarm for Saturday morning soccer practice at 8 AM
latest iphone
Can you order me some buffalo chicken pizza?
Do they have any events going on downtown this weekend?
Will the highest temperature be more than 70 degrees tomorrow?
Please give me information on Michael Jackson
yes got your understanding correcly.
I WANT YOU TO TELL ME WHAT IS THE RATE FOR OSCWAL PIPES.
which is the safest and most dangerous country to live in .
news for today?
Rajani khanth new venture
Should I wear galoshes today?
what is coral made of?
Please lower music volume
What is the object in this photo?
Switch off Wemo.
Olly make a cup of coffee
DO I HAVE ANY APPOINTMENTS THIS WEEK?
PDA, what do you use to make cookies.
remind me when certain Marvel shows return to Netflix
Turn off lights in all bathrooms
find coding tutorials
lower lights please
have no idea regarding to which to select.
Add weekly 1pm call to calendar
What's going on around me?
This item should be added to the list
This is the best band ever
olly please can you just stop it.
well done, i appreciate it, olly.
Set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning.
Play for me the game Harry Potter
Play Musical Theater Soundtracks
99.9 FM is currently playing what music?
Switch on the roomba.
How do you cook steak?
What movies are out this week?
yes you get your understanding perfectly.
New email, recipient Donna, do you have plans for today?
Do I require sweaters tonight?
any one is fine for me, olly.
will you please check it.
Do I have anything planned for January 19th at 2 pm?
From my play list filter devotional songs and play write now or me
Turn off the socket
suggest me a good restaurant
Set reminder to pick up kids on weekdays at 3pm
weather in home town
new scenario, time or calendar to new list
dammit, this isn't what i just said.
it's nice, appreciated.
what alarm do i have set for today
it does not matter to me.
check the detail.
When was Benjamin Franklin born?
Tell me what I wore yesterday.
show stage shows near me
PDA please order take from jason's deli
please fix the incorrect command.
send this emai to reply to the latest emails
what is 3+4?
anything will be fine with me.
Is Pink recording a new album?
Play the next song in the sequence.
i would like you stop.
nice job, you did well.
could you replay that.
remind me about the party tomorow.
Let me know of the meeting on Tuesday
wd
Show me the latest news about the elections
Delete event calendar.
turn off one light in my bedroom
tell me what was today's news from news provider
yeap got it perfectly.
i didn't catch that.
thanks but i think this was not the right answer.
What is the definition of timeliness?
dammit, this isn't what i am looking for.
amazing.
Can you tell me where is...
Who are the greatest hip hop artists?
1 USD is EUR
Please read my facebook feed.
Convert CZK to euro
you executed the command incorrectly.
one more time again.
where is artic ocen
Go to Rock music
rmove shop list
can you speak once more please.
using time settings
What is Derek's phone number
What country was Einstein from?
open terry's email
... podcast next episode
Alexa, send mom an email and find out what the weather is like for the week
that is all, cancel.
you did great job,.
Can you tell me list of events for this weekend in Pondichery?
to open up
Please reduce the speaker volume
Two by two is?
order ribs for dinner
Bing news
What is this week's weather forecast?
please will you clarify me more on it.
that isn't what i meant.
What are my reminders for this month?
give me time
Put Summer Lovin' in 3rd position in my queue.
what are we doing next week
Place a takeaway order for a Cheeseburger and fries from Burger King.
what is the name of the tallest man?
play the song by michael jackson
Play all my favorite latin songs.
please could you confirm that.
Is mile marker 65 where the hanging tree is located?
Which religion is most true?
do I have a dentist appointment on Monday morning?
Set the event to recur on the first Monday of the month
Tell me how many inches of snow did New York City get today?
Give me my Facebook update every 3 hours.
Listen to Girl from Impanema by Frank Sinatra
Opinion save
send a reply if it is very important
please clean the floor
Do I have any birthday today?
stop, i think you have messed up with my command.
i think not correct response.
post my business on twitter
Tweet walmart and ask why they still havn't mopped the sticky floor.
you are hero, thank you so much.
Request a Taxi from UDRIVE service
give me the time in washington
Sanctimonious definition
Set event on repeat
Read what is on my list.
no, you gave me not correct information.
Read me the newest article on the new solar system.
semd email to my contact
Turn on kitchen light
Do you have the mailing address for the electric company?
Hey,turn the volume high.
start playing fm 109
show reminders
Tell me about medieval war engines.
s2, do not get your answer.
is it going to be cloudy in London during the weekend?
play radio x programm 1
yeah correcly.
Email Grandma. Subject, Saturday. Message, we are dropping by on Saturday. See you then!
start drama from radio
PDA wemo plug socket on
WIll you play checkers with me?
REPLAY THE REQURIED OF THE MUSICS
Turn off bedroom light at 9:30 pm.
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with my request.
Play December holiday list
What's coming up this week?
Please rub my back
s2, i am unclear about that.
Tell me some best tourist places to visit in America.
list ongoing events near me
set event date in calendar with ohers
Call a call for me to where I am currently located.
Please add calendar event
can you lie?
Tell me when I have an event
Do I have any reminders that are waiting in my queue?
go to the list and remove item
show various plants in earth
Can I find a shop that sells Italian Suits?
Can I get a recap of what is going on with Sprint right now?
Save my spotify preferences
thanks but i think you made some mistakes.
Train times from near me to location
set up notification for meeting
Olly, tell me what to.do!
PDA be quiet.
please check and confirm details.
that is nice work, thanks.
Remove list from the database.
whats the scenery like in morocco
local news from bay news 9
will you rephrase me about your answer further please.
Turn it to frequency 99.7
What is 4 + 5
delete meeting
Is today when my paper is due?
i am unclear about your words.
do I need a coat today
Is there a way to bike a hundred miles
Play for me Jazz music
Turn my lights down to a lower level of brightness
Please, check for new emails
Hey, Do you have Home delivery?
Delete recent list now.
Open social media (Facebook, Google+, Twitter)
Delete the memos that I have scheduled for tomorrow morning.
i need to hear that sentence again.
Can you set an alarm for 7 am?
that's confirmed.
just how bad is traffic on my commute
i was not so clear about your words.
What lists do I have that I haven't updated one way or another in the past week?
is black sea real
Turn on my wemo socket
Which route has less traffic today?
Decrease volume to very soft
save that email as a new contact
s2, i did not quite catch that.
manoeuvres
What is the reminder when 521 is divided by 3?
on radio mirch can you play feel dil programme
it is not the correct response.
hmm, not right response.
Send email to Emilia saying: I will be late, please don't wait with dinner.
What day is the 20th this month?
Play song: All the Small Things.
what is current exchange rate of inr to usd
Olly, give me the list of the top 5 safest cars to buy.
Where is India located ?
Get rid of the list, Google.
go to the NSDL and search for prices
Put on some love songs.
Where is the south pole?
that is enough, just stop.
never mind, olly.
is the mail from chris about work?
send an email to a new address
Please tell me what lists I have.
please check last thing said.
s1, elaborate me about your response once again please.
i am sorry but it's not the right command.
What is the biggest blockbuster this week
what are the train times for...
Can you tell me what time is it in New York?
how many minutes do I need to wait to pick up my food from china on the go?
s1, can you clarify further on your words please.
Robot, do the whole house now
What is the dollar equivilant in pesos?
Make me a cup of coffee with salted carmel flavored cream.
show latest news
Define flabbergasted.
Put on fm101
How much does Elton John pay for his suits?
What's happening in my town?
Send email to jugal
PDA, make the lights blue in here.
s1, please elaborate me on it further.
I need to put together a todo list for work.
What are all of the items on my list?
you are hero, thank you very much.
hi, what are you doing.
Where is Trump from
what will be the condition of weather next seven days
Please play football with me
Tell me joke.
i am sorry but you are incorrect.
s it going to be hot tomorrow
tell me what is on my schedule for today
play lady by kenny rogers  now
Turn of the lamp socket
would you repeat please.
How is the day outwards
Delete the scheduled meeting on 4th Oct, 12 pm
sorry but i think it's not the correct command.
Who is president of Poland?
I need one cup of coffee.
I HAVE ALL DETAILS ABOUT PDA'S
today's jokes
I want to cancel the recording I have on the DVR list for this morning.
no, thanks.
Are there any new NPR Op-Eds about Trump today?
you are star, thanks.
thank you so much for doing it.
Every other Monday remind me to take out the recycling
do I need to take an umbrella with me this afternoon?
The kids are driving me crazy
definition xy
play a melody music
PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IS THE FORMULA FOR THE PERIMETER OF A RECTANGLE?
Decrease lighting
Add grocery shopping to today's to-do list.
i am bored
please remind me at 5pm today that i have an event at 8 am in the morning
Sarcastic jokes
i am sorry but you didn't understand me.
Please mute my speaker.
send a remind email
What is the latest news about Obamacare
Make a reply to the email which Robert sent today morning.
tweet error of  phone to samsung
What's the news in politics on CNN?
notify me about news
Olly I need to get to Bristol friday night, can you book me a ticket please
that's enough, cancel it.
Whats going on in my calendar
dammit, you gave me not correct information.
Olly, play jumper by third eye blind.
Tell me the time in jakarta.
I want to hear radio channel x
List the curret price of Microsoft shares.
Olly can you recommend good stores in this area?
What color should I paint my nails?
how is pav bhaji cooked?
i am sorry but you have got that not correct.
What is the wake up time for my alarm I have set for the flight this weekend?
i didn't get your words.
the location is _____
Ok Google, what do you think of Trump
The list should not contain all food items with the prefix dry.
Order a takeaway
once more.
today's date
Olly, email Jennifer the new schedule of the meeting for tomorrow.
remind me for making call to all participants
Find songs from my Big Band playlist.
tweet at KOC: your waiting time sucks
WHat is the difference between the rate of the American doller and the Pound
that's cool, thank you so much, olly.
clarify what you have said once again to me please.
remind this after two days
olly can you stop it please.
Take me to music player
Please send a notification when John replies
Play 7 Habits of Effective People
Remind me to 'something' in 'sometime'
please add meeting at work to calander
Olly what does the shirt look like?
What music is playing right now?
What is the weather in new york
yeah agree.
sned email to daughter saying I love you
Listen to x playlist next
turn off the sounds
remember how I rate this song
set an alert for 2pm
will it be sunny on date?
How is it outside today?
by switch off
Book me a train ticket for Saturday.
New Friends Request Details
start playing from where I left off on The Goblet of Fire
please clarify more on what you just said now to me.
please explain the chinnese culture
find exchange rate for usd to euro
Tell me what was the temperature in our city at 12 pm.
What are the best Italian restaurants in Los Angeles?
Cortana, identify current song playing.
please lower the volume
Are there morning shows available?
musch appreciated.
Today weather
Open playlist 5
Can you add up 13+5+9 for me?
Delete all details of my calendar
further explain me on your response please.
Send a reply to that email.
Need Information about events, before shift ends.
Block off 3 to 5 on friday
Turn on the lights
Please increase volume in music player.
Delete events from calendar.
Any new e-mails from work?
Have I received any work emails from Jeff?
Complain about Walmart service
fantastic job, you did well.
name list
How many times could the size of Texas fit into the size of Alaska?
Show me movie times.
what are some local events.
s1, can you rephrase me more on the last sentence please.
What time is the Black-Tie Gala Dinner supposed to begin?
reserve a ticket to go to destination by train
current currencys rate
wake me up at 4am
Is there anything on my list today?
Will it snow tomorrow?
shit, i think wrong.
add 'john@gmail.com' to contacts
thanks but it's not the correct command.
let us try it again please.
Contact Walmart customer service with a complaint via tweet.
what are the dimensions for a Buick lesber
that's enough, just stop.
yeah you've done that exactly.
What's the answer to 1 + 1?
Have I received any emails in the last ten minutes?
Desk lamp one, off
What would be the current time in Ivory Coast?
start alarm
is equal to
what meetings do i have this week
Please put in an order from Red Thai fpr this eveneing.
Louder volume please
again rephrase what you just said now please.
PDA: Add this song to my playlist
tell me what reminders I have for today
News 19
i can't get that.
PDA, Can you tell me a nice joke?
play the next recording
Vitaly channel
Replace the furniture with electronics on the list.
Find John Smith in Contacts
queue True Love
please can you confirm last thing said.
hey siri play the radio
What is the exchange rate between pound sterling and the US Dollar?
What is a circuit board?
Remove all events from calendar.
I would like to hear Rush Limbaugh on I heart Radio
recite the schedules of the list.
Give me a recipe for meatballs.
olly that's enough.
is tomorrow going to rain?
I need Jacket after 10 Am or not.
Olly, be funny for me.
Start making some coffee
global warming
set up uber
Schedule a meeting with Matt at 11am on Thursday.
Please post this picture to my facebook.
Who sings this?
I will be at pizza hut in 10 minutes and will stay there for next 40 minutes. Arrange an uber for me that can drop me home.
show a new list
convert currency calculator
Can you make the lights go out?
please modify the command.
Search for 2 tickets on Tuesday's train to Paris
Reply to Anthony's email
could you check and confirm last thing said.
mobile shop
Disable all alarms set for today.
Check mail.from jack
In the Repeat section, enter a start date.Choose the drop-down next to Weekly to change the recurring event to a Daily,
maths solution matters
Play rock music please.
can you play some music for me?
PDA use this program
I want to find emails from bob with the subject that contains the word meeting.
Did Ashwin joined party yesterday?
show me the latest news on BBC
Please play the ESPN FC podcast following the Barcelona UCL comeback.
How to cook spaghetti squash
nope, you gave me not right information.
Weather in Miami
What do I have going on today from 2-4 PM?
Get current news on government shutdown
Can you inform me about what I have going on this week?
Please Let me know about current traffic in Carmen Drive
what are the ingredients neccesary
Please give me the name of all my lists
Send this message to @Microsoft on Twitter
What is the price of EUR To USD
Please delete the meeting I have with John tonight.
what movies are going around me?
Clear my events search data
Olly I'm looking for some dress shows, can you find clothing stores within 1 mile
event remove
Schedule a two hour empty time-block on saturday.
weather in Florida this week
How far is the distance to RCCG ikoyi Lagos from here by train?
What is the definition of a home run?
are you sure thats correct.
Convert the American dollar to the EU euro.
Olly tell me what lists I currently have
play my play list
What's on my calendar
Who many teaspoons are in a cup?
Let me know when my phone is due.
Create a notification reminder for meeting tomorrow
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
it seems like olly's response you've understood is incorrect.
explain further please.
I want to hear pop
Increase the light level.
Cortana, send me a notification an hour before my next calendar events.
Where do I get my pet fixed?
did you get the instruction correctly?
add tal meeting on 21st at 7
the command was wonderful.
Can you track my emotions based on the way I speak?
that does not matter for me.
Give me options for Indian carryout under $30.
it's helpful, musch appreciated.
Please set an event at 10 am one month and two days from now to have a garage sale at my house
What next in my must watch movie list.
uh no, it's not the right answer.
Drop my June holiday from calendar
repeat this song three times.
Get a me a train ticket to Milwaukee from Chicago on Sunday morning.
it is useful, thanks, olly.
Remind me to meet Sarah at Safeway in Mckinleyville California at noon.
I'm in the mood to order  takeaway.
PDA, Will I need sunscreen later?
Please play radio when whether forcast is playing.
Make some coffee.
s1, please explain me more on your answers.
you've understood the answer exactly.
Reply to the email from John
send raj a mail for job
Remove x playlist
current world news
What movie did Megan Fox star in?
buy me today train ticket to city A.
is there any affairs of ileana d'cruz
what are the effects which will cause when america splits in to three
Order pizza from Domino's
I have a meeting with Justin and Katrina for Friday.
any one is good with me.
hey siri make me laugh with a good joke
please show me weather on monday
I will attend Lily's Wedding next week with my boyfriend, please add it to my calendar
Change volume level to maximum.
Find an interesting podcast about last Pritzker Price winners
What's the latest news from CNN, please
stock market
I want to hear current dance hits
Should I bring a jacket with me tonight?
Add these documents to the things I need to travel with.
How many alarms are currently on my phone
Do I have any events set?
What is the departure time for the next train leaving New York City?
Turn on Spotify shuffle.
Tell me the best player of basketball of this week
Check all cab companies and get a time booked for 3 pm.
excellent.
what's on your mind today?
I need you to tweet a complaint
Turn off the lights in the living room, please.
Remove all the events from the calendar in this month
Make Wednesday evening at 5pm always be a meeting with Phil on my calendar.
What would Africa look like in 1000 years?
Have I set any alarms in the morning?
compose reply
object identifier
Google clear all the stuff on my calendar for March.
*clapping sound*
What is my astrology report for today
i can not catch that.
I need to arrange a meeting with Jack.
anything is fine to me, olly.
What is on my playlist of movies on the the DVR?
Keep reading the audiobook to me
Play mp playlist from start
i appreciate it.
olly shut off please.
do I have any new emails on my inbox?
dammit, it's not what i just said.
Schedule a meeting by asking your
Switch on the radio and play Hello fm station
Book me a taxi for 1 pm.
Are there any takeaways around here?
What does bling mean?
Please add dan's email to my contacts
book me on a train leaving Penn station tomorrow travelling to any city more than 200 miles away
sorry but i think it's not the correct response.
Start up the coffee machine.
I have a meeting with Al on March 21st at ten
PDA, play me the WVAQ radio channel.
shit, this was not what i was looking for.
What is your favorite color?
Remind me of my 3pm meetng tomorrow 4 hours in advance.
let's try what i've just said one more time again please.
Please  read the text i just received on messenger
yeap you get it correcly.
PDA how do i check my currency exchange rate
Do I need a sweater?
Can you book a train ticket for my father?
PDA, how do you use an oven
olly please can you cancel.
Tune in to 93.5 on radio
What is the forecast for today?
Please, send email to Pawel with reminder
Trash the open list, Google.
bring me a train ticket.
Play the song i didn't hear from last month
tell me about this person
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
play last mises.org podcast
open the site XYZnews.com
How many people live in Los Angeles?
Post I am happy to Facebook.
pull up list
is the stocks which i have invested are increasing
Check for me new emails recieved from Peter
could you check and confirm it please.
Show me share price of Tata.
its very dangerous one
Shoutcast.com.
what is the stauts of last take away order
change volumne settings in the negative alexa
Quiet mode on until I am home from work.
I want to post on Facebook.
that's helpful, thank you, olly.
How many Philippine pesos to a dollar?
Play Power 102.3.
I want some jazz music to play.
olly set meeting at 7pm
rephrase further to me please.
s2, i didn't quite catch that.
you are the best, musch appreciated, olly.
thank you for that information.
thanks, that's amazing.
Olly, open the uber app and get me a car, please.
s2, that was not clear.
Do I have a grocery list ready?
Play some carnatic songs
what is fifty five minus two
Find me the description of this object
Am I scheduled to do anything on x day?
Give me the specs on the Bugatti Veyron.
you gave me incorrect information.
Anything happening today?
Which alarms are set in the phone?
What day does Halloween fall on this year?
What area has at least a thousand miles of open desert?
What should I cook tonight?
Do i need to carry an umbrella tomorrow
Do I have anything scheduled for tomorrow?
do i have any remainders for today
make the wemo plug socket turned on.
What time does the last train arrive in Dallas?
what are the chances of hail this week?
s1, would you further explain me about that please.
explain your words again to me please.
I want to take karate classes ?Where are localooking karate studios?
Olly recommend a wine tasting event this Weekend in Chicago.
Mark pick-up Leonard every Tuesday at 3pm.
Make me a coffee
Channel X
Turn down the lights in the living room
Please send a tweet to Food Lion about not having a clean restroom.
I want you to play the podcast
Give me best cooking ideas
california
What time does the train run in Beaumont, Tx?
Email dad about fixing my car
Which teams are playing this weekend?
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
please tell me one more again.
Play my dance music playlist
Set my alarm for time
Set new alarm on 5 am
that was good one, thank you so much.
thank you so much for reminding me of it.
how many days are left in this year?
Please advise what the current news is on Fox News?
IS PERSON IS INCREADABLE
What events do I have planned for the next two weeks?
what is date today
Olly, tell me what's new.
Where was the last Aerosmith concert?
i have set reminders
did anyone message me on facebook
whatever is ok to me.
how long will it take to drive to long beach
Should I bring snow shoes?
meeting tuesday noon
don't mind for any one.
olly shut off.
how old are cristiano ronaldo
s2, i am unclear about what you just said now.
Tell me random joke.
Send an email to this contact rede43@oby.com
I'd like to update my calendar.
play all songs by Anirudh
Please remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow 10:00 in the morning.
would you check and confirm my last instruction please.
yeap fantastic response to the command.
don't really mind for any one, olly.
fix the lights in the living room to red
Tell me today's newspaper's headlines
By 10 to 11 am daily start my vacuum cleaner.
would you tell me that one more time again please.
musch appreciated, it's good one, olly.
can you please clarify me more on your answer.
Please remind me about the 11am business meet
What song do I listen to the most?
What email was sent at 3:30pm?
what are the measurements of a Rubix Cube
shall i change my car tyres to snow tyres soon?
are there any new emails from NAME
show latest reports of bbc
IS there any unread emails from my contacts
What's Bruce Springsteen's daughter's horse called?
confirm last thing said please.
will you please clarify me about this further.
play my playlist 'party songs'
Remind me to go grocery shopping today
For how many years was Abraham Lincoln president of United States
Please describe an elephant to me.
Can you check my email for messages from Terry MacDonald?
could not understand it.
Narendra mody
Which list has this on it?
Create a new grocery list
Respond to mom's mail message about the recipe site.
i meant this.
Play my favourite playlist
Get the weather forecast for this week please.
could you please check the last thing said.
What is the time difference between pacific and central
Please remind me about this tomorrow
What amount of traffic in this road?
strong lt angree
what do I have planned for today
15.02.17
PDA, what time will it be locally at 9AM Bangalore, India, time?
I want to make this week's shopping list
that is useful,, olly.
please explain what you've said further.
I've got a meeting by tonight 7:00PM, please mute the music for an hour
show me map of this location.
What is the best oven temperature to roast potatoes?
can you please confirm what just said.
Play the top 40 radio
Tell me present time in Malaysia
any one will be fine with me, olly.
Hey Olly, I met one of my old classmates today.
what time does the train arrive at______
make a reminder of location A on calendar .
todays news
What's the latest news involving Katy Perry?
Tell me the top stories on CNN
put alarm on
Send reminder to friend list of tomorrow's birthday brunch.
Lower the lights in the room
I would like to hear the podcast from the website I was at earlier.
what is the time in another city?
set an alarm for 2 hours from now please
Please send my family an e-mail that says the following :
How is the weather in San Francisco
you have done that correctly thanks.
What's a parsec?
i have no idea, olly.
Open the playlist
why people like movies
I don't want to attend the dinner on March 1st anymore, so could you remove it from my agenda?
Pull up all outgoing emails from yesterday.
what is the temperature to cook chicken in the oven alexa
what's the latest news about US election?
would you once again clarify me about your response please.
hayathis daughter baby shower
Can you give me the details of upcoming annual function on 26th March?
i couldn't understand what you said.
Add this song to favorites playlist.
Is it going to snow tonight?
What is the current weather in Denver.
you've gotten my instructions exactly.
send a reply to mike
s1, could you please again rephrase me about what you said now.
contacts
show me route to my phone location on yesterday 12Pm
Set a timer at 5 Am 7 days a week
pls play some music
could you confirm last thing i said.
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
Schedule my meeting with Tom Cruise today evening at 6 PM.
reply 'thank you' to john@gmail.com
what about Tona?
Let me know when I am three days out from this event in my calendar?
what a wonderful song. can you save what i just said, for me?
What are the hours from CVS?
Check for me new emails recieved from Michael
When does the hockey Game start on Friday
Turn down volume twenty percent!
what alarms are set for today
how far does my dollar go in Japan
repeat.
thanks but i think you do not understand this right.
Delete my meeting for 1:00 PM on March 19th.
please train
Give me the  opening stock price of Intel today
please check last thing i said.
Should I bring warm clothes?
thank you very much for the answer.
What is the capital of Jordan
would you please check my last command.
could you check and confirm last thing i said.
thank you so much for doing that.
set a reminder up next month to get my oil changed
Stock rate of facebook
raise all the lights on
Hey does Open Sesame do take out?
please correct the command.
Add my meeting in Google office tomorrow, 10 AM
you've got me incorrectly.
How many eggs are on my grocery list?
Olly, Turn the light off in the living room
Can you start my saved podcast?
Newyork time please.
Do I have any recent emails from my contact favorites?
Transportation, ticket booking, train
Olly, book me a train ticket to Barcelona, please.
Cricket/live scorecards
what will be this week weather condition.
Which place has more traffic?
Book a taxi for tomorrow morning
Customer service complaint - tweet the following...
I need a ride in an hour
How many countries are in Europe?
how is the stock going in general
check and confirm detail.
Download certain vocab
Start cappuccino for me now.
please shut off.
give me the news on nbc alexa
how is the news in ireland?
I need to know how to make stuffed peppers
could you elaborate further on your answers to me.
This is my favorite song.
send email to Chris tell him i will be late
Insert this item.
add to calendar new event 'thanksgiving'
What's the temperature outside?
I coudn't get it all done
i like you check question please.
What is hair made up of?
list remove
What year was the song created?
that's useful, appreciated.
Shuffle Play my Slow Songs Play List from Spotify
is there any email with <unk>
Tell me about Donald Trumps early life
you've done it right thank you so much, olly.
Current time?
Check my last post on Instagram
yes you understood my instructions exactly.
uhh no, you've done task all in wrong manner.
What time is it right now in Pacific time?
Please play Michael Jackson album
What is inflation and explain it's relationship with the economy?
I want to learn about Donald Trump?
Tell me when Trump was born
this is unimportant.
I want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel.
Open Uber and book a car for 12 o'clock
is it night time in Peru
How cold is it outside today
Favorite places to eat
Reply to this email
what do you do?
Cortana, search local events in zip code 12121.
Please list my query.
Tell me when there is new news about Donald Trump
Change your colors to something different.
would you please further rephrase me on the last sentence.
Can you keep secrets?
Start playing Kids by MGMT.
s1, please clarify me on what you have said once again.
away off from list
TOMAROW WILL BE CONDUTING AN MEETTING IN REQUIERD MANER
Can I remove a reminder?
What song is playing right now?
Latest News from Jersey
Alexa, tell me keywords about Usain Bolt?
play podcast 1
it does not really matter for me, olly.
i would like to hear what you just said again.
Does John's pizza have takeaway
remind me to buy ham when I am in the shop next time
are you there
Remind me in the future of this
Any new emails from Derek?
How many cups of sugar in Texas Sheet Cake frosting?
Play me some radiohead.
Conduct meeting on Thursday
Get the Duet game.
sorry but you did not get answer right.
could you please check and confirm my last command.
Remove my dinner plans from the calendar tonight.
What is the birthday of adamgilchrist
Set a notification for 6th March that there is a society meeting at 11 AM.
I wish it had wider range of conversation
join this
Tell me what day of the week it is.
Please play the song XXX for me.
When this song ends, play Hotel California.
Set a reminder alarm for my meeting with the agent this evening
would you confirm my last instruction please.
thanks for the answer.
thank you so much for your asssistance.
Where is the Taj Mahal?
i don't catch that.
anything.
'nice!' can you post this to my facebook?
meetings from 20 to 25 june
turn up sound
stock price for apple
List my different alarm
put crazy by britney spears on
Turn my iroomba on.
will you tell me what i've said one more time please.
music one
I need a taxi at 8 tomorrow morning to take me to work.
i like my PDA to show me images or graphics.
Play my '90s R&B playlist.
set up an alarm clock at 1pm
thank you for helps.
your understanding is confirmed.
please could you elaborate me further on that.
Will it rain
email john (body)
Play subway surfer
what was martin luther kings birthday
Give me the description of a Television circuit
Is my order ready?
hello
Check in contacts
what are today's sports news.
i would like you to check and confirm question please.
COULD YOU PLEASE REMOVE MY CARD DETAILS FROM VALLET.
How old is christie brinkley?
i don't bother.
Read that list back to me, please.
Please play AR Rahman music
PDA, what's the name of this song?
Make me a capuccino.
what do you mean by that.
Is it going to snow tomorrow?
great job, you did well.
Delete my 8 pm alarm.
that doesn't really matter with me.
How many bones does a human body have
Album repeat
Please schedule a meeting with my secretary
set alarm at 6:30 a.m
vacuum on
Siri, skip two songs
What temperature will it be today?
i would like you to check and confirm that please.
this song is composed by whom?
could you speak once more please.
Where can I book a train ticket to Oregon?
amazing response to the command.
link me to jeff's email
Can you tell me more about my most played music?
Remind me every tuesday to go to the dry cleaners.
sorry but that is not the right answer.
s2, i could not get that.
Did i receive any e-mails from contact about subject?
Bring up the latest headlines from Huffpo.
Please check email contain job listing
it was nice one, thanks.
Any Mail from Amazon today?
add new songs to playlist
olly will you please shut off.
what is your mother language?
play daft punk
what lists must i remember
inbox my family.
Please call the Golden Fork and tell them to deliver one portion of the fish risotto
Open my classical playlist.
your response was not so clear to me.
i was unclear about this.
What time is the evening meeting I have with John.
Pleasant
will it be cold enough for mittens later tonight?
give me date and time
I LIKE A SONG SING BY ARIJIT SINGH.
how you know me
Play jingle bells
please further explain your answers to me.
Will the pizza be here soon?
Do I have a meeting tomorrow?
Can you give me the newest phone number for Bobby McGee?
please tell me the current time in new york
play chess with me please
What is the time in Geneva?
don't really mind for whatever, olly.
thank you so much for answer.
ITS WOULD BE TASTEY
olly please just cancel.
Please quiet the speaker
how many hours remaining for mid noon.
Play the next episode of Radiolab.
When is the next office meeting?
I need to find a funny joke that is ok for kids.
Please turn off Right side of light.
7 YEARS
Play next song of my selected
can you please confirm the detail.
Would you provide me with the answer to this question
i do not really bother.
What's the weather like?
What music do I usually listen to?
play music in library
How many meetings do I have this week?
PDA can you set up a meeting with me.
i would like to hear the last you just said again.
Convert current time from GMT to EST
What is the price of Starbuck's stock?
What events are happening in Seattle this weekend?
show sock value of goog
will you try what i have just said one more time please.
Create a new list for me please
Book for me a train ticket to Washingon DC
Show me 1 week weather of mumbai
what is joe joe's home address
Clean the sofa with the vacuum cleaner
pls send a mail to my friend divya how ru
Olly, what movies are playing at Carmike Cinemas?
Turn off the bathroom light please.
you rock, appreciated.
play npr
Send to Jane only help
I need you to find a good channel to listen to
Tell me which politician is being investigated.
Please define the word bleak.
hollywood
What does the hyphen represent in the equation?
select shuffle all
Any important emails within the last hour?
Get rid of all my scheduled events.
you have got the answer right.
could you tell me it one more time please.
delete this item
Show me the meetings held last month
New twitter message
excellent response.
remind me about
Are there any traffic issues
Please update my status on platform X
Do I need to bring sunscreen with me today?
open company name and find complaints
What to-do lists do I have?
Please add brunch with Erin to my calendar at the Diner
remind me that I have to go see Hannah about our math project next Tuesday at 10pm
What is the song name
I want to listen jazz.
Erase all content in my calendar.
it is of no importance.
Change the speaker volume to 65%.
yeah answer was correct.
what is the theme of the party?
what is 5 minus 1
Open Pandora and play Hoizer radio.
Mute speakers please.
Put my brother's birthday in my calendar for July 4th.
Clear my calendar for Saturday
can you reset please.
Tell me movies playing in Oceanside tonight.
play pandora
Find me the oldies channel.
olly will you stop it.
Play a game of Chess with me.
Train tickets for 2 people from delhi to mumbai
COULD YOU PLEASE PLAY THE SONG FROM THE ARTIST MADONNA.
that is all, cancel it.
i am sorry but this is incorrect.
November event delete
Set a reminder for tomorrow evening
hmm, you don't understand what i was searching for.
Will there be a farmers market in the area this weekend?
I want exact time in Washington right now
sorry but it is wrong.
What shops are round here?
thank you very much, olly.
got it perfectly.
it's fantastic job, thanks, olly.
Block one hour from 10 tomorrow morning.
What does a beech tree look like?
definition of arrow please
Add a new email in my contacts from John
alexa put classic rock on
Start house cleanup
add event in calendar and mention others
Delete the last list.
Are there any recent emails?
Read me new headlines
s2, i was not so clear about what you said.
Pleas set a reminder for a meeting I have on Tuesday next week.
do not care, olly.
Set the average of the device
open podcast by the young turks
Define Courtesy
What is the traffic now?
convert 1:02 from GTM 4:30 to GMT 1:30
How many alarms have I set?
explain marketing
Find me square root of forty nine
volume down
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
Shut off the socket
Make the light more visible.
what is the distance between New York and Berlin?
hey siri tell my today's top news
yes agreed.
check and confirm my last question please.
I have a department head meeting Friday at 9:00 am sharp.
list emails from jim for today
PDA, what is a cow
What is the latest local news for the Greenville area?
set a reminder
will you check detail please.
Olly, darker lights please.
MAKE NEW SHCEDULE FOR TOMORROW MEETING
How long is the Nile river?
Please start my podcast.
tweet: your waiting time sucks. tag KOC
what day will it be sunny
When is Jared Leto's birthday?
olly start the oven
exorbitant. Whats the meaning of this?
Switch the lights off
remind me to pick up more dog food at Petco tomorrow at 7.20pm
olly search for pink's youtube channel
I need to leave on the 5pm train to Rockville.
it is of no importance for me.
How many mega pixel is listed in the description of the Canon T7i?
topic of content
PDA: What is today?
remove wake-up calls for this week
Shut off my living room plug socket.
open news about BP Oil
could you please check and confirm details.
change my alarm
play me song my travel playlist
Recent Conroe news
wait, you've understood me not right.
How much money will I make for the week if I make $8.00 per hour and work 20 hours?
normal tempareture
Bedroom light off!
open inbox
When is the best time to travel to Canada? What airport to use?
Forward a complaint to MTS regarding Internet speed issues
i am sorry but i think that's not the correct response.
What is a good taco recipe?
Olly, write a reply to my mother's email.
Remind me when the concert tickets go on sale
Olly, i had a long, hard day.
will you retry what said.
on vacuum cleaner
What is happening in Delhi today?
What would you call this kind of music that we're listening to?
usa
ah that is great one.
please further rephrase to me.
Increase the light in the room
Please turn up the speaker volume
Play The Health Show on the television in the living room.
read my next reminders for this afternoon
What time is it now in the Eastern timezone?
you've done it perfectly.
Switch on the radio
alert me when my anniversary is
Play the Miami heat and warriors game
alarm time for 12pm
Please add this event to my calendar
is it raining right now
Begin radio play.
Can you turn up your volume?
Alexa add bananas to my shopping list.
it's helpful, appreciated, olly.
you've done it right musch appreciated, olly.
PDA, Are there any alarms set?
Fashion
What happened to the Dow Jones today?
Please check for new unread emails from Paul
select radio menu
info about X
Create a new list by 12noon tomorrow.
What plays are showing at the theatre?
Please play this song again
Set an alarm for me for <insert time>
enable my plug
How much traffic does Atlanta, Georgia usually have?
Check my to do list
nice to talk to you
Easy home cooking recipes
oh no, incorrect.
Olly, what movies are playing in Columbia?
Is my order at domino's ready?
Schedule and appointment with Mike for next Thursday morning.
i think you messed up with my request.
PDA, Reduce volume.
How many degrees is it in Houston right now?
Places to order takeaway food
you are awesome, appreciated, olly.
find transportation to lax
record
set a remainder at 3pm to pick jo
What is today's temperature?
turn on sportsnet for hockey
name the singer
Start playing my song list.
would you cancel it please.
let me listen the latest news program on radio
yes you have understood command exactly.
Play R&B
yeap exact response to command.
how time is it
News around the city
Check if alarm is set for 6 AM
Play Me the latest song of Adele
it was cool, thank you, olly.
I'd like to set a date for this week?
Add Lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
record the opinion of each individual about this song.
Play Pride an Prejudice.
i wouldn't mind for any one.
Book a train ticket for Friday April 14th for Boston
Tell me some braking news in new york
Am I scheduled to have any meeting today
Did the bitcoin go past 1000 mark yesterday? What is position of bitcoin as of now?
What is the meaning of the word sanctimonious?
Give me the description of smartphone software
what makes that country the coldest
this isn't what i am searching for.
Look up what this word means
Call a taxi to pick me up right now.
refresh this complaint.
Is my calendar free for Thursday?
yeap wonderful response to the command.
Can you play a game with me
write a tweet to <unk>
send reply
Read the email sent by this contact
Remove a list no 7.
Was there any email regarding the wrong booking in SIA?
thank you so much for your answer.
Call an UberPool to get me at Long Island Bar.
what time is it right now in new york
PDA, send email.
sorry but it was not the correct response.
PDA, what the sexiest food to cook on a date?
How many top 10 tunes did Katy Perry have last year?
What is the exchange rate of US dollar to pound sterling?
Can you book me a train ticket to Boston for next Tuesday?
i wouldn't mind to select any one.
check my last instruction please.
how to make a burger
Was it windy yesterday?
Check emails for last hour
Olly, tell how vegetable is cooked
change to blue
could you speak one more again please.
Please on the music
Begin email to my husband...
time now
list everything left on my query
Do I have any thing going on at 5
i want to hear the last you just said again.
Change volume
its cold outside?
Find train tickets for <train station> for <date>
Play Maroon 5 playlist
play first song on next album
Enable cleaner robot
yeap that's exact.
Do I have the reply from Charlotte relating to yesterdays enquiry?
sorry but you messed up with.
What is the longest time to a location
Whats it like in chicago, PDA?
It is too loud, decrease the volume.
is there a chance of snow wednesday?
How will be the weather today in the afternoon
Alexa, turn off the fan in the master bedroom.
Sandle
yeah wonderful response to the command.
olly could you shut up please.
How would I use formidable in a sentence?
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with.
I need to something every monday set a reminder for it
play favorites
i was unclear about your words.
Olly, Where is the best vacation spot in calafornia?
play beatles playlist
Lets play poker.
It is Ok to go out on sunny weather?
Remind it on Tuesday.
Remind me to take out the garbage at 6pm.
Delete all events for tomorrow.
Set a 2-week reminder for for the 20th of every quarter beginning 3/20 to pay my HOA.
I want to hear the radio, turn it on, please!
who the the song playing by?
Follow Trump campaign news feed
yeap you got answer perfectly.
Show me all of my active alarms.
is 24 th on Tuesday ?
Replace the current light colours in the house with dark ones.
Please open snooker game, I would like to play with you
reminder
Find a taxi to go home
what is the current date in india
Do I have an appointment on Friday, April 21st?
Put Clean Dog at the top of the Cleaning list
oh no, i did not ask for that.
shit, that's not what i was looking for.
amazing response to command.
have no idea about what to choose.
i'd like you check and confirm detail please.
Olly start coffee at 6am
is it wednesday
yeap you have understood my instructions exactly.
i would like you check and confirm it please.
Is the weather cold?
PLEASE turn the volume down.
that's cool, appreciated, olly.
yes you understood my instructions right.
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
Convert 8 AM Manila time to New York time.
Remind me of the following event:
how its possible
you've done that right i appreciate it.
Where is a good place to buy clothes in Medford?
How heavy is the traffic on the I-15 in Las Vegas this hour?
uh no, it isn't what i asked.
delete the list please
What is London Time?
nope, i did not say this.
Olly deathmetal, now!
Olly recommend an event happening in my area.
WHAT'S ON MY CALENDAR THIS WEEK?
let's try again.
i want to hear surfin usa
emails in the last hour
PDA, compose this email to this new email address
Delete my doctor's appointment for February 12th.
please elaborate more on what you've said.
What does tweet mean?
change <unk> to blue
tell me the lateest rending news of this week
s1, please would you clarify me further on your response.
wrong.
Turn on all upstairs lights.
How much is two train tickets?
Set alarm for 8 am tomorrow
tweet a customer complaint to the subway website alexa
yes get your understanding right.
i'd like you check the last thing said please.
Set and event for the 15th of every month to remind me to pay my internet bill.
do i have any reminders today
play BBC radio four please
Please tell me the latest news about the election scenario in our state.
Remind me of my meeting tomorrow at 3:00PM
What's the news for 6:45am today?
20-10
punjabi
please could you say it once more.
what is happening now in world
olly where can i get a pizza
Look for a radio station called rhythm on the frequency 100.1
Who is the top of the music chart for 2017?
Do i need  a jacket in the evening
What is the name of the lead singer in this band?
that's not the right command.
todays a lovely day what the date
new pop music
Did you get all that you needed today?
Cortana, show me the name of the song playing right now.
play one love
PDA, I want to make a post
yeap command was confirmed.
Daily news from source
Whats up with the new provider?
compare between google pixel and iphone 7
Could you please confirm if paradise does takeaway
Does 18 may contains any birthday
Let me know the time.
clear events from calendar
Direct me towards nearest railway station.
just cancel please.
I challenge you to a game
Train to Athens. How to?
How is IBM doing?
What awards did Erica Grebe win last night?
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
Fight me in Street Fighter
i think not right command.
Please turn on repeate all
will you check last thing said please.
Please tell me what lists I have made.
Make a playlist of all songs of Eminem and play with shuffle.
resume the memorial songs
How many reminders do I have
Is there any rap that doesn't involve sex, money and drugs?
Where is Yellowstone park?
how wet is going to be this morning?
play titanic title song
Make the lights in the house red.
Cancel my 7am alarm
Volume up/down
Do i got anything planned for today
remove any kind of list.
In March what meetings are available?
Add conference call at 4 pm to my reminders for today.
Remove my next event.
My day was great
What shops are around me?
How to cook Lasagna?
Can you please play the next episode of Food Stuff
what is today' date?
find the set of procedures for a meal course
i am sorry but this was not the right command.
Do I have any new E-mail?
that's cool, thanks.
please go to settings of the music player and make the equalizer in the flat sound mode.
that is not what i am looking for.
would not bother, olly.
check for hot news in times of india.
Mute for (specific time)
i like my PDA to talk to me like a friend.
PDA can you look up and add John's old email to my contacts again?
Do I have any appointments this weekend?
I've heard this riff before - what song stole this riff - it's exactly the same!
Show me my emails from the past hour.
Please google location and information of Mount Rushmore
can you confirm what i last said.
check last thing said please.
Olly, next episoade in the podcast please
again clarify me on your answers please.
What events are going on in NYC?
Is Mysore going to be very hot and humid today, whats the weather status
I will no longer be joining mom for lunch tomorrow.
time to sleep olly!
can you try again please.
yes command was confirmed.
How many subscriber does Captain Disillusion have?
send an email to Frank and ask them what the weather going to be like this week?
I need to play Sims
kishore17051985@gmail.com
euro to usd?
driving time to Los Angeles
qwetqwtewqtw
show my meeting
set alarm for saturday
How many emails do I have from work today?
What is the residing place of cricketer dhoni?
Lower my music player volume by 50% of its current level
Play surfin usa
s2, i am unclear about what you have just said.
what year was baseball started
Which events my Facebook friends will be attending
When is this going to happen
brighten light
I need to seem my lists.
Can I know whats the time now?
longest river in the world
tell me that one more again please.
change the music mode to rock
Email....
i want to sleep
Has the celebrity does any charitable work.
Tell me how to make tacos
Remove the concert from the calendar events.
Google stock symbol
What is the definition of mutual?
Olly can you change my timezone from central time to pacific?
Delete my shopping list
what is a cookie recipe
Can you call an Uber for me?
I want to resume where I last left off in my audio book
Any suggestions on a good time for an hour meeting this week?
tell me the name of this music
Play for me the radio station 98.3 fm
hmm, i didn't say this.
Tell me about Romance.
What can I do in Berlin?
Who is the better half of Obama ?
I need you to remove item s from my list
Next song will be Raindrops Keep Fallin On My Head.
give me the update on traffic at new york
Olly, Go to the next episoade of The United States of Anxiety podcast
Can you create new list for me?
olly i want you stop.
Play me Taylor Swift's newest song.
Olly what's on my lists
What is Mom's email address?
Show me most recent emails
would you try the last one you just said once again.
THAT SONG IS MY FAVORITE.
To get more information about a Historic event.
hey siri chance the current light settings
i like to be it
please replay.
describe your list
whatever will be ok for me.
What is Kevin Spacey doing?
remember how i fell about this song
olly shut up.
Play songs by the band The Beatles
Olly, what are new drama movies opening this weekend
Tell me the most strange thing happening in the world today?
Olly i got promoted today, it feels so good
how old is george clooney
how long should i boil an egg
is there any new message from person A.
switch on the green light <unk>
What do I need to know about the show?
Send me a wake up alert at 7:00 am tomorrow morning.
Given me the exchange rates between USD AND JPY
what is....?
Remove my 6 am alarm
What's the name of the piece you are playing?
down the light power
hey, how are you?
can you tell me what time it is
Switch off the lights
i would not mind for any one.
Check emails for last 2 hours
After this one, play song
How much Indian Rupees per USD today?
Olly, what stores have clearance?
not that one.
spot
Siri, what is the definition of ziggurat?
yeah wonderful response to command.
PDA I am the living blues.
Broadcast The Health Show from the kitchen.
emails from jane doe
May I know the traffic situation
Play 103.7 FM.
What day of the week does the 25th July fall on?
set an alarm for 1pm
Is anyone likes my latest photo?
Show me the current time in Germany.
are all programs in line
I need a gold class ticket on train no XXX using my credit card
you've done it right appreciated.
PDA, give me some Bowie.
on the button of cleaner
Clear mt schedule for this date
Can we make steak with chicken
wake me up at 9am on Friday
what does blank mean
Play NPR Podcast
Do remove next event from the calendar
Turn the volume down.
What is trending on Twitter?
Hey olly what is the last time I got an email
Give me an update on the election tomorrow at noon.
please again explain to me.
Brief me about  today's football match
get me info on
What are the big news stories on Twitter?
i wouldn't really mind for whatever, olly.
I need help making pancakes.
this was not correct command.
Please let me know the latest business news
thanks.
I would like instructions on how to cook baked chicken.
tell me that command one more again please.
I would like a cheeseburger.
I like songs from 90s
What is the US Dollar Euro exchange rate?
PDA name: alarm 5pm tuesday
I want to book a train ticket
dammit, i didn't ask for that.
power off the current
Begin vacuuming.
list the received emails recently in alphabetical order
Other songs by this artist
are you sure.
what is the weather near me this week
i'd like you check details please.
could you check and confirm that please.
put the song sung by shreya at the top
Delete the alarm I just set
would you shut off.
stock exchange rates
Make a calender note 'exhibition 2017 mass' on Mar 25.
please add my next meeting
What kind of music am i into?
explain more on that to me please.
yeah you did the command correcly.
Notify me on March 11th, the day of my appointment.
Which song is currenly playing.
List me the newest articles from the New York Times.
markpolomm@gmail.com
will it rain now
Please be quiet
Has the weather changed for Wednesday at all?
yeap you have understood your understanding right.
find me info on cars
REMIND TO AT 8 P.M. TO TAKE MY MEDICINE.
yeah it's perfect.
what bands are playing close by
you are hero,, olly.
set repeat event in calendar
i would like to hear what said again.
how does merriam webster define ultra?
stock price
Olly, create an alarm for today at ten a.m.
Do i need a jacket this afternoon
What list are open
What's in the news today?
What is in my favorites music folder?
Alexa, please delete all appointments for today
Define swerving.
yeap that's wonderful.
What does this word means?
How can I contact this person?
how soon is my anniversary
thanks but it is not correct command.
Activate the robot vacuum
sorry but i think this was not the correct command.
Please describe the new Harley davidson street bike
PDA name: can you tell if i
Give me the facts on Yankee Stadium.
What time is it in a city?
Delete my todo list.
Hey PDA, can you make it blue in here?
Start the 'vacuum cleaner'.
book a train ticket to city A.
Pencil in coffee with Jamal at Starbucks for 3pm on Tuesday.
Play Body by Thao Nguyen
i wouldn't mind to choose any one, olly.
update me on stock price of this company stock
say, this product fell apart
Set a notification for 5th March that I have a doctor's appointment at 10 AM.
Alexa, please play the Broods
IVF/IVR
Let me hear a joke
where is yellowstone park located?
Repeat the e-mail for my brother.
PDA please set this event on repeat this date
How many Canadian Dollars are in a US Dollar?
What are some family friendly events in Ft. Lauderdale this weekend?
this is not clear to me.
I want to hear @ song
Call a taxi for me
Play Sirus on satellite radio.
reply to that email
Whats going on around here
Will I need a sweater after work?
LAtest local art competition in orlando
that's awesome job, i appreciate it, olly.
set timezone
Do you have the time?
reminder about meeting from 8am to 12pm
Put reminder to call Pawel tomorrow
can you once again clarify me on your words please.
Make a calendar event for a BBQ at Millie's house.
Journal entry for today (user begins telling about day here)
Grocery list add eggs
Is there any birthday on june
Do i have alarms set before  6 in the morning?
leave calendar blank
Am I gonna hit traffic?
What's the definition of a buffet table
Write email to family member and read it back
dialog box appears
find contact
Turn on new smart socket
Please turn up the light a little.
Show me the email of jack
Can you contact Samsung and say my washer is on fire?
PDA what's today's date?
thank you for answers, olly.
Play my prefered song
that wasn't correct.
Set the colour of light to red
tweet 'I am doing well' on Twitter
whatever is fine to me.
near by grossary
Just let me know new emails from Sara
PDA play slayer.
will you just cancel please.
Tell me a joke about aliens.
today needs to be marked as my cheat day
great response to the command.
What's the average elevation of the United States?
are there any emails unread by this person
What is the home phone number of Mark?
Find the mass of the sun.
Reply the email of Charles with just thank you, right now
i think olly's command is incorrect.
today I saw a bulldog
Give a last minute update on incoming emails please.
pls add list of things to buy for pary
you've done it correctly.
tell me again.
What is the exchange rate between U.S. and France?
pass the following using email to
show pending reminders
Can you remove the last list for me?
Please look up clothing stores near me.
show me the weather forecast for this week
any lighting news emails
how can i delete an item
What is the date next Wednesday?
Search new mail
add a lunch with mike
Do I have any new messages in twitter, Instagram, or Facebook?
Turn on the wemo plug socket.
How many kilometers are in a mile?
How is lasagne made
PDA: Turn the radio to 106.7 FM
i was unclear about your response.
tell comcast I am still on hold
How many things do I have planned tonight?
i can not catch up with you.
sorry but that's not correct.
How old is David Bowie?
Can you prepare a cheese sandwich?
that's amazing, thanks, olly.
I have a event 8'O clock remind me
by proper formula
will it rain on friday PDA?
Turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
Today calender
definition for object name
Google chrome
i want to do laundy at 8pm, create reminder
Raise living room lights half way
Do you know Jessica Snout's phone number?
What is current economy of country
How can we prepare biriyani
will you check and confirm it.
Play the new record of Malika
Can you please disregard the party that I will be going to this weekend on my calendar.
erase my calender
yeah it's confirmed.
tweet complaint to <unk>
anything would be ok with me.
Tell me the name of the radio station that I want played
please once again explain.
By calling my friends
you understood the answer right.
Book me a train ticket for tomorrow
i would not really know.
please set a reminder for the office party next saturday?
show me podcasts
Turn off the lights in the bedroom
can you give me train times for ann arbor?
yes great response to command.
'exhibition 2017 mass' on Mar 25 make a note of it on the corresponding date.
you helped a lot, thank you.
Weather today
that wasn't what i wanted please try again.
s1, please can you clarify me more on your words.
Play dynamite by ACDC.
Play biography of Jackie Kennedy
Make my radio turn on
oh no, i think not right.
Initialize the robot vacuum.
Please access GPS to direct me
Can you recall my pending reminders?
yeah it's great.
Please play the last 2 episodes of The Gilmore Guys.
please would you check it.
Please repeat this event.
open all unread emails
Set a meeting with the HR department for the end of the month.
Can you convert my this money into...
Remove list start with 'A'
stock price for amazon
Hey Olly, turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at 10 am.
please give me my emails.
tell me  the details of the music playing
i think you messed up the command.
Is it sunny outside?
get me resume of best seller audio-book this month
Remind me at work to take a meeting with Dave on Friday.
IS OBJECTS PREFERS ANY PROBLEMS
Give me the headlines from Sky News
What is the largest active volcano on earth?
Call Pizza Hut and find out if my order is ready.
what did you mean.
Play Giants by Banks and Steelz
Is the 4:30 PM train running late?
I want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare.
How tall is Roraima Mount?
well done, thank you so much.
clear all data from calendar
Let's play a game.  How about tic-tac-toe
Play I spy with me.
who are the last number of people I got emails from?
Is there more traffic in Canal street?
Next week their is a show at the pub can you make a reminder
PDA: Any e-mail in the last hour?
email friend
Siri, skip song
do i need to wear some warm clothes today.
'PDA', guess what happened today? (now user begins speaking about day)
mix well.
Should I wear layers sometime today?
remind this event in future
can you book a train ticket for me under $100
Please Check all new email of Amazon.
What does the title of the Leo DiCaprio movie mean?
doesn't matter with me, olly.
Will it rain today?
can you please define it for me
where is the kiss concert?
What is the answer to 2 plus 2?
What day does my birthday fall on this year?
Give me a joke
Show me today all train times of next 2 hours at Jodhpur to pali.
What are the names of the lists that I have created?
weather in Chicago please?
I want to start my e-mail out like this:
PDA I got a damn speeding ticket
I feel like Jazz right now, how about you?
anything will be okay for me.
PDA, Can you give me the exchange rate for dollar in rupees?
Please turn on fm
Is it raining in San Francisco?
what is the weather report
let us do it again please.
What is the day today?
Who is the singer of Hotel California?
What do i need to do today
thank you very much for reminding me of it.
check email today
Google I need the living room vacuumed can you turn on the vacuum cleaner.
How far away is Seattle?
has pound value decreased
I want to hear I Got You Babe, by Sonny and Cher can you play that Olly.
don't really know.
Can you please switch of the lights?
What's around tonight?
you have done it right appreciated.
Which is the song playing now?
Find me the earliest train ticket departing Friday morning to Miami.
Remind me to check the stew at 6 o'clock
Remove events from calendar
What time I am waking up tomorrow?
Send email to husband to ask for restaurant ideas
What are the things make a woman happy?
remind me to brush my teeth at three thirty
Give me today's football match scorecard
would you stop.
Play all songs by Metallica on shuffle.
Post to Facebook: I'm home
Echo, who won the presidential election this year?
Hey go from off to ON my vaccuum in 5 minutes
add this new email
Olly, remove my wake up alarm.
Olly, open alarm and create an alert for ten a.m.
Shut the living room lights.
this is of no importance for me.
What time is it in Singapore?
Ideas,Jokes,
speak again please.
Set off this alarm
tune best topic.
Echo are there any new emails for me.
i want more light.
Alert me in three hours
Alarms
What does that Mexican lasagna look like and tastes like?
oh no, you did not get what i was searching for.
Has Derek logged into Facebook today?
can you tell me your last sentence said once again.
Lets have a break for 5 minutes
i would like to hear the last information you just said again.
2017 movies
what did you mean by saying it.
i would like to hear the last utterance said again.
Clean the floor.
Search Google Shopping for the best price on a Monoprice MXBlue Mechanical Keyboard
What time is it in Florida?
elaborate further on this.
15:00 to 17:00 how can I spend my time?
Can you tell me the current time in Dallas, Texas?
what is new?
what time is it in los angeles
Attitude
play kenny rogers lady
start a new email to:
What is a good joke?
Do I have any new e-mails?
turn off the lights in the kitchenn
where does joe joe live
I would like my PDA to update all  breaking news across the world
play romantic English songs
How is the traffic near me?
give me the details of friend
What makes something head cheese?
exchange USD/EUR
Can you search trump
Weather in Paris
Tell my what I told Mom when we spoke of the recipe
play classic songs
open jokes
quality of sound check
check gmail for last hour
Set a reminder to go to movies with Ron on March 27
I want to know how cold is it outside today?
olly can you cancel it please.
Olly, is it still going to be windy on thursday?
Tell me a good alcoholic drink
Mark tuesday for a meeting with John.
PDA. The time in Cairo please.
Will there any events downtown this weekend?
can you check and confirm last thing said please.
Can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow?
what music is this?
Can you change the light colors in the house?
No lights in the kitchen.
Start radio station for me
i don't mind for anything.
please will you check my last instruction.
show current news form bbc
thank you so much for the response.
remove next event calendar
will you check and confirm the question.
can you reply to the email?
please can you retry.
bing directions
Where can I eat along Route 66?
get info
I need everything deleted from calendar please.
i want to book Rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to Ahmadabad
can you see if there any trains going to...
Is there any festivals this weekend?
where to buy a train ticket
Please delete all my calendar events
Where is the Acme meeting being held on Friday?
any emails?
i'll be going to my office.
awesome work, you did well.
will it be warm
Read me my alarms
raise the lights
Do I need to use sunscreen before goint to meet my friend for lunch?
show me upcoming events in this area
would you speak it one more again please.
please check and confirm detail.
this is unimportant for me, olly.
what is the make up of the chair
What temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
Send tweet to United Airlines I'm angry you lost my bags
Add butter to the list
it would be great if PDA can give you law consultations
Reduce the strength of the bedroom lights
retry what i've said please.
notifications
wait, this is not the correct answer.
That song was awesome, can you repeat?
Tell me latest technology news.
Please remove that event from my calendar
can you say what you have said one more again.
Schedule my meeting with Mr. John Hopkins tomorrow 1 PM in the afternoon after lunch.
Continue onto the next podcast
Tell me person A message.
Tell me about all pending reminders.
PDA I had a bad day.
Tell me today's weather report of city A.
can you check last thing i said please.
Can you pull up the latest time so I won't be late for my appointment?
What does a sea lion look like?
turn the radio on
remove three o'clock meeting from the schedule today
What is the largest ocean in the world?
Please play my music
s1, please would you clarify me more on this.
that was amazing, thank you so much, olly.
Paper, scissors or stone?
Play a podcast about latest yoga videos
Will it rain on August 15th?
Only 99.9 FM is to be played on the radio
What is the shallowest piece of land
Is Jimmie's party on Friday cancelled?
Tell me about
Start the podcast I was last listening to.
open lyrics name
What alarms are set in the morning, PDA?
Olly could you get John's email address for me
Current date.
what will the date be next wensday
Do I have any emails to read from Jason?
Dubai marraige
should i take a big coat to Paris next week?
uhh no, i think it was incorrect response.
are there any fun events in LA today?
Where is Yellowstone?
Cancel the tomorrow's meeting from my calender
what is the subject of the last email sent to me by Q?
Will you turn off the lights please.
it's fantastic, thanks.
PDA look up someone
dammit, that's not what i meant.
Who did I email last?
thanks but i think that is not the correct response.
During the timeframe of February 1 and March 16, what meetings occurred
open the profile of Allen from my contact
olly change light colour to blue
exchange rate dirham and rupees
What time are the hockey games tonight?
PDA what's on my shopping list
I need a repeating reminder for every Monday at 3:30 p.m.
What is the weather looking like for the rest of the week?
What is tomorrows date?
Tell me if The Olive Garden allows takeway.
s2, i am unclear about what you said now.
Please show me the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
Show me what alarm times I've set for the week.
i need to check today's email of jack
read the list
This Candidates Guide to the Practical Driving Assessment (PDA) has been prepared to help learner drivers develop the skills necessary to pass a PDA and become a safe driver.
PDA, contact hershey customer support twitter
IT SHOULD SPICES
Remove today's meeting at evening
HELLO, YOU HAVE A SEND AN EMAIL TO SOMEONE.
I want 2 burgers and one coke, order it fast.
Erase my lunch date with Ted on June 1st
should i put some sun screen cream for taday
i would like you to check and confirm detail please.
uh no, i think incorrect command.
Remind me to buy a gift once in morning and once in evening
Play Ringcast, the podcast
Movies with good rivews
mail to
Change the lights to blue Olly.
how free am I this week?
open tweeter of Indian railways
Please lower the lights
no, i did not say it.
Can you please read the my Mom sent this morning at 10am
send reply to name
send mail to john for money
Define 'juggernaut'.
it must be mistakes.
PDA name: make an alarm for 5pm on tuesday
Find me the recipe for beef stroganoff.
mention the thing in the list
Ok Google, what is a president?
what is the weather ( if i want to know the local weather, I will not mention the city)
Delete Mike Stein from Contacts list
Show me news about the enviroment
Dim the lights in the living room.
Write a complaint to alza.cz for the tablet I bought today
Is it after noon yet?
Count the number of food items on the list.
What do you suggest that I watch this weekend?
olly will you shut down please.
i'd like you check and confirm what i last said please.
PDA: I want to know what supermarket near me has the best price on gluten free bread.
get me with new list.
i appreciate it, that's good.
yes exactly.
What is the next event in my calendar?
Is there takeaway at Donut Junction
please can you check that.
switch on/off light
shit, it isn't what i requested.
replay what you've just said.
What is 9 - 10
Please play artist first in queue
Do you feel emotions?
Make coffee at three.
Set up a newlist with the following
Please show me best run program in Jodhpur
I need you to add this event to my calendar
add event ann to calandar
Is there any event today in my calendar?
it is cool,.
find recent events of the celebrity
no, incorrect.
Where is it hottest on earth?
i think you've done task all wrong.
I need to make a list of bills that are due
Tell me if there are any events from three to five
Get me a radio station that plays classical music.
Please check if Leonardo is Married
How long should I cook chicken for?
move 'buying eggs' item to trash from to do list
Can you please set 12 noon prayer for every friday
it's not what i am searching for.
yes wonderful response to command.
Will the UV Index be above 8 today?
Is it raining later today?
Solve this equation: 1+ 1.
Find game
Change the light color to black light
can i have podcast of tvf
How many kilograms is 210lbs
Please play songs of Arijit Singh.
Which country would end up converting the most money out of a thousand dollars US?
When does the train from Kansas City to Iowa leave?
What does triumph mean?
i am sorry but that was not right.
I would like my PDA to provide all countries and peoples cultures and likes
please turn on radio on 7 AM
just cancel.
How to reach hallway?
i am sorry but you have gotten me incorrectly.
decentralized design
I need to create a new to do list.
drop {item} from list
please once again clarify.
set a new event
What spice do I use in Indian rice?
this was not clear.
Set the living room lights to 50%
Turn on the light'socket
Next play selected song
Send a complaint to Sony about this TV that quit working.
Is there a connecting train from London to Paris and what time?
Alexa, what is PDA?
whats the time in london
Olly, where is the largest volcano in the world?
Please set my alarm clock for 8am
I need you to mark next monday
What is six times sixty-eight?
latest events
it's good one, thank you.
olly tell me what is song is playing now
call the customer cell through email
Meeting (friend) on (date) update my calendar to reflect meeting.
Hey, what's a head cheese?
yeah good response to the command.
Check for recent news stories on MSNBC
exchange usd to gbp
Please book a train ticket to...
Olly please recommend which LA Lakers basketball game I should attend this month.
Add a new email contact to my list.
did you get the detail correctly?
What is the population of Russia
Play music of Kate Perry without shuffle.
sorry but i think you got it wrongly.
please decrease the volume of music player.
will you try again please.
What is the next episode in the podpcast? Play it.
please could you tell me once more.
Please make me a cappuccino.
Tell me about my alarms
Where should I go eat tonight?
turn my kitchen lights off when i leave
play the client by john grisham
Are there any events schedule for this week?
I wish i could play video games together!
that is helpful,.
Wake me at 6 am Thursday, so I have time for the meeting.
Post that I am going to Walmart for Shopping
Please put this playlist on shuffle
list the items on my shopping list olly
play neverland by metallica
uh no, that's not the correct response.
What is Sean Connery's birthday?
Describe a workhouse for me.
Check my Facebook for notifications
would you please shut down.
once again explain your answer.
Hey Olly, what time can I catch the nearest train to me?
What does sanctimonious mean?
search for pizza nearby
Clear my claender
tell me one more time again please.
don't bother, olly.
This alarm needs to be permanently silenced.
Give me the definition of School
What is the best chocolate chip cookies recipe
olly whats this playing right now
Do i have emails from this sender
wouldn't really care.
PDA, how do you make cookies?
make event
PDA, how do I poach an egg?
I need the arrival time for New York train
Please update me on any news that has to do with the Blizzard.
listen carefully instructions.
I would like a wake up alarm at 7:00 am tomorrow.
PDA open this game
new event
PDA when is my alarm set for?
PDA, add event to calender.
Can you play 24K Magic by Bruno Mars?
What time is it in New York City right now?
Olly what happened lately regarding fashion?
Any special events on my list?
Buddy adding event in your calendar
Make the house lights amber at 6PM
What is the route to the closest mcdonalds?
Check the latest news
Turn off my smart plug socket.
make 5 coffee tell the coffee machine
List of the nearby restaurant.
hmm, i think you have done the task all incorrectly.
could you please check the detail.
What country has the most population?
How about some pizza tonight Olly? Can you please order a pepperoni large?
Alexa, give me my to do list for today
I want more details about the annual tea party.
Who is the Prime Minister of India
Olly, what should I see this weekend?
jane doe
Are there any veg restaurants in Phoenix?
When is Easter in the year 2018?
Dollar rate of Philippiness peso
Cortana, it's dark in here
Tell me the name of the artist whose song is in the movie I am watching
Check for emails from steve
I need you to get me up at 6am
How much longer until my pizza will be here?
couldn't understand this.
play all Third Day
Can you make sure the kitchen light is off?
Book my Chair class AC train ticket from Manhattan to New York.
Olly, fetch me two train tickets for the earliest train to Paris.
Do I have any available time for a doctor's appointment on Tuesday morning?
is there a takeout menu at the restaurant
Just to confirm, you set the alarm to go off at 8:00?
No, no, turn it down!
What list is available for my favorite music from Ed Sheeran
How congested is the traffic on my way to work?
thanks but that's not the right answer.
CISCO SYSTEM
i appreciate your helping.
Tweent samsung and tell them to stop killing people with their products.
play old classic music
Reply to John's email today saying I will be late
did you get last thing said correctly?
Please start me some coffee.
i am not so clear about what you have said.
how many EUROs for 100 USD?
can you tell me my reminders today
musch appreciated, it's great one.
I want to get the latest news on the Trump Healthcare bill.
What is the time in Alaska?
Turn on the Marc Maron podcast
My pizza came cold i need to contact Pizza hut on twitter
Make lights brightener
please send reply for that mail
I want to see all set alarms
Is there any possibility of rain this week
Make a facebook post: I'm home
hmm, i think incorrect.
Send a reply to my friend for his question
I want to buy over-ear headphones with Minimum Frequency Response of 15 Hz and Maximum Frequency Response 22000 Hz.
would you repeat the last please.
Does Kim Kardashian wear Converse?
What does it look like?
umbrella later?
please check and confirm the last thing i said.
no, this is not what i am looking for.
I want you to play this game for me
Give me the winning numbers to the powerball lottery.
If it is four pm in Missouri, what time is it in London?
write complaint to wallmart
open uber app and book me a car for pick up at the airport
play Busdriver
proceed to the next episode
that is enough, cancel it.
What's in my list of tasks?
unmute
When does the train to Iowa leave?
i would like if PDA will be smart and intelligent in way it will be familiar with me and recognise the way i like the result will be
i want to hear what you've said again.
Search for emails from my boss, Michael
I need to add pasta and milk to the grocery list.
Show me the alarms I've set.
How old is Jennifer Anniston?
Olly book tommorow's train ticket for me to bombay in any train
What's Bob Scrote's net worth?
Mute all responses now
What is the meaning of a stethoscope?
play am
Have I received any emails since noon?
Olly, does Panda Garden deliver?
PDA, today is what date?
i like you to confirm detail please.
Do I have to go to the gym?
Where did Mel Gibson grow up?
olly i want you cancel.
s2, i can not understand that.
Did we get any update from the new provider?
Get me the latest sports updates and news of the world
no, you don't get what i just requested.
What will bw thr time now in Washington
convert time zone
read email
Mike will send me an email tomorrow. Can you please set up an alarm 15 minutes after receiving that email?
This room lights off.
Notify me when gbp/usd rate as I expected
Restaurant order status
Today I searched all over for my phone and couldn't find it Olly.
Remind me to turn off the lights in 10 minutes
is my friend rohit online on facebook?
you've gotten my instructions correcly.
Open my playlist
Delete my workout from today.
What temperature should a baked chicken be?
Send email to Mom starting with the subject: Vacation.
Get Sia's cheap thrills ready to play next.
Calendar event with these people
When is my next appointment?
you helped a lot, musch appreciated.
summarise week's weather details
Have the 'vacuum cleaner' clean the room
i am unclear about your response.
Sound off please.
What did she just sing?
what is the first friday of next month?
ah it's excellent, olly.
Did I get any email during the last hour?
Set a meeting with Bill
please say the utterance said again.
i am sorry but this was not the correct command.
yeap it's excellent.
Show me my calendar event this Friday afternoon
How would you describe a person that is called a snowflake?
Show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
hmm, that isn't what i am searching for.
it was helpful, musch appreciated.
yeap perfect response to the command.
i am not so clear about that.
Notify me when I have a meeting.
Can you book an Uber for me?
olly turn the lights to red color
that does not really matter to me.
where I went today?
Do I have any new email?
Add a new email
Book a ticket for me on a train to get to Boston tomorrow, what is available?
What is burmuda tiangle
could you please recommend a Mexican restaurant for take out?
Display the seven day forecast for this week.
Use X radio to play X.
this is of no importance to me.
please explain me more on what you've just said.
Repeat Reminder for my schedule for Christmas
Olly, please recommend a restaurant in Seattle.
What is a good substitute for butter?
BRIGTEN THE LIGHT AT 70 PERCENT
Tell me the email address for Aunt Ruth.
What is the weather forecast for Chicago?
What time does the last train leave from (specific station)?
Please, play Yesterday from Beattles
How  many unopened emails do I have right now?
Hey, I feel good
olly can you please shut up.
show bbc news live
Delete the Christmas party at the church next Wednesday.
i need to hear what i just said again.
which time train dep
PDA, Can you give me the time in this timezone.
Find a pizza restaurant open until noon
What's on my calendar this month?
Tell me the recepie of
Olly, give me all ice cream shops within 2 miles
check on the delivery of my current order
remind me to eat when i get home
olly make sure to remind about tomorrows afternoon meeting
bring back talking after 40mins
What are the trains i could board tonight to head to XXX this evening?
What is the news today in Polk County, Florida?
explain investment strategy of 2017
confirm my last instruction please.
can you rephrase me further on that.
Who is Janet Jackson currently dating or married to?
cancel
let us try the last spoke one more time again please.
any alarms currently listed
play radio with rock music
Remind me that I like that song.
share me a joke
switch to Los Angeles time
play music composed by some one, giving short hint about the album.
Play some soft jazz
who was in the beatles
cancel next meeting
How many new e-mails have I received today?
Add Ashley to the wedding invite list.
Resume the song from the audiobook by Madonna
please I want to hear We will rock you from Queen
Echo, play 'I Can't Feel My Face.'
Monthly weather report
amazing work, you did well.
yeah you've gotten your understanding perfectly.
Show me reviews of my nearest location food court
Start my jazz playlist
How many cm make one foot
What is the current temperture in my area.
Is my wake-up alarm set a 6 am?
sorry let me clarify with new instructions.
what is a funny joke about car
Show me the meetings held last three month
send a tweet to kroger about being overcharged for groceries
how to best prepare a salmon or haddock?
would you speak it once more please.
Overall day
Set a calendar event
did you get what i just said correctly?
please further elaborate your response.
Find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
could you tell me that information you just said once again.
what is marketing
What is the traffic like on my commute home at 5?
Closer by Nine Inch Nails
Hey PDA, has John sent me any email lately?
that's enough, cancel.
Remove list item
Can you tell me the cheapest place to get ground beef?
Check definition of capricious.
Send the following email to my sister
you did that correcly.
Hey PDA, does that restaurant have takeout?
can you check that please.
could you check that please.
it's helpful, thank you very much.
Give me the exchange rate between United States Dollar and Canadian Dollar
Did I get an email today?
make the light more brighter
Let me know any new emails I've received.
yeap you did that perfectly.
calculate two multiplied by two
Alexa, give me updates on the presidential candidate race.
What is the time in the Midwest right now.
you've done that correctly thanks.
When is my mortgage due?
Find a good recipe for steak.
Where is Russia located?
Where are the Rocky Mountains located?
will you reset it please.
Please delete my grocery list in entirety.
play song from my trance list
PDAs have features that make them more robust and able to handle inclement weather, jolts and moisture.
Set aside this day for this calendar event
you did the command correcly.
What's happening here ?
Turn on the vacuum cleaner
could you just cancel it please.
yes you did the command right.
Want to play rock
I hope we could have lunch together
Play from my play list
Local News
Remind me of the meeting on tuesday
will you please confirm detail.
well done, thank you, olly.
Pause the book
play 20 questions
HIGH STOCK PRICE
Alarm 10 AM
Hey siri clear all my calendar appoints for today
Delete all my appointments for today.
PDA: Turn off the porch light
Remind me 2 days before my wife birthday
mark location A as an event on calendar.
please confirm my last instruction.
Notification regarding the new movie releases
can you read my emails from rob?
Brighten up the room
delete events
Search and play a radio station with news.
Tell me about ...
Tweet Freedom Pop customer service I am disatisfied.
Ok, next what?
Play my Usher radio station.
thanks but i think you are wrong.
Add to calendar an everyday reminder for laundry
Set reminder for three o'clock
I want to set an alarm when I'm driving home tomorrow to remember to stop at the store and get food.
Will they deliver to me ?
Open iHeartRadio and put on the top 40
i need a ride home
will i need to bring rain boots after lunch?
On Monday, the 20th, I need to have a conversation with Greg about our weekend trip.
Remind me the day when this event is supposed to take place.
sorry but you didn't get the answer correctly.
Get with new one.
i am not clear about your response.
Can you delete all events from my calendar?
What is on my list?
audio on
What is going on on December fourth?
is it raining?
Olly Today I lost my phone.
Okay, Reply to email.
Are there any free events on in my area today?
Update Outlook mailbox
object search
what time is it in Atlanta?
it's awesome, appreciated.
you've done it right.
Play new Rihanna song
Play Boneym
MY GAMES TO PLAY IN MY PDA'S
i'd like to hear your last the procedure spoken again.
wish all my friends of facebook good morning
Olly, please set today as vini's birthday for each calendar year
Lists
why did the calendar say that i have a 3pm meeting, check that out for me
Would you play some music please?
How many people are following me on twitter now?
please set event on monday
please ask mr. Coffee to make a latte
yes it's great.
what the traffic condition outside my office?
Switch off the smart plug socket now
Pull up the complaint website for Starbucks.
Good morning
Please set my alarm for 5pm.
List of Playback of A.R Rahman collections
send response I will be there
Where is the best mechanic in Eagle Point?
What are my lists
song next
How will be the weather today at night
Place an order for a pepperoni pizza at Papa Johns.
Shuffle songs by Coldplay
Answer this question. What's the first boss in Super Mario Bros?
whats playing?
What time is my appointment tomorrow?
Most current local news
PDA please update list with new item
Tweet to consumer service that they should strive to be more accommodating.
my new work schedule list
PDA I love hip-hop
schedule for 6:30pm to 7:30pm
Please give height of Lindsey lohan
New tweet:
recent headlines
add a party tonight in my remainder
What is the traffic this morning?
What am I listening to?
Where is Channing Tatum from?
When does 24 th come in the next week ?
Play the latest rock songs having rating of 4 or above.
Change the alarm weekly settings
What is the price of AMD on the stock market?
I want to reply to Jean's e-mail.
hmm, you did not get what i wanted.
what's the time new york
Am I free Friday afternoon?
When do I need to leave to pick up my order?
any one is fine with me.
Find me a good pop song
What are the current stock prices for Google?
My alarms
Alexa, increase the brightness of the light. It is hard to see down here.
what's time
switch off the master's bedroom
Save the date October 1st Ann and I are going to lunch at 2pm
Play some tunes for me
i can't get your answer.
Please alert me.
navigate to a place
Cancel my meeting for Friday
Do I have any alarms
Olly please make ke a coffee
Current status of take out order
Please delete what I just typed.
Set alarm tomorrow at 6 am.
Begin a new list.
Did any emails come for me in the last 5 hours?
check my last question.
Olly, give me the most recent stuff you have Angelina Jolie.
Please show me the list that I have.
I want you to make alert in the evening about upcoming meeting
I want to hear program 1 on Last.FM.
thank you so much for reminding me of that.
What's the song title?
Tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty-one is.
Define Economics
i think you messed up my command.
Olly, find me a zoo or animal park in Chicago that open this weekend.
Do I have a calendar event today?
Resume Harry Potter from the place I have stopped listening to last time.
