excellent.
uh no, i did not ask for that command.
vacuum the mud room
can to please clear my calendar of all events
remind me of this meeting soon
how do i duct tape a gooseto apig
stop repeating this song
change this time zone to washington
repeat the song playing now
time and date of today
favorite this music
remove chores from my to do list
can you book a train ticket to berkeley for me
remove my dinner event for monday
is alex saved in my contacts list
play my preferred song
latest news on traffic at my current location
play alex jones in radio
what is the plot of the most recent will smith movie
what is starbuck's stock worth
it's dirty here make some noise
set up a taxi for eleven am tomorrow
make me a cappuccino
lower the lights in the house
mute the settings
what is this
what alarms do you have set
i want to start a new list of power tools on sale at true value
please switch off on the wemo plug socket
book an outstation cab of ola
where is the closest bar
next episode please
do not mind to choose any one.
can you look up and add john's old email to my contacts again
is there any pending reminder for me
if it's eight pm on the east coast what time is it in sacramento california
how many euro in u. s. d.
open events this week
how long until we get to chicago
what is the remainder when five hundred and twenty one is divided by three
how many american dollars are in a euro
best restaurant in local area
can you recommend good stores in this area
thanks but you have understood this wrongly.
tell me the answer for two plus two
remove today's meeting at evening
explain further please.
what color is a dragon fruit
give me the time in phoenix az
write an email recipient ray
give me red lights
what would you call this kind of music that we're listening to
email alice to let her know we are on the way
what time am i supposed to pick up john again
what list did i make today
how long does it take for the train to get to orlando
call the closest mexican restaurant
does louie's do take out
fast and the furious
do you want to play solitaire
add to my groceries
please set the alarm for eight pm wednesday evening
is there any post from my friend mike in facebook
please tell me it once again.
what is the name of the music playing now
how heavy is traffic on interstate twenty
i want to order some food
did tracy update her facebook status today
please tell me it once more.
describe a fifty inch smart tv
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
what kind of lists do i have
what time does the train arrive at edinburgh
set an alarm for eight am
what is email id of john
book taxi to new york city
please play trivial pursuit with me
have pho send three egg rolls
i'm hungry show me some takeaway food
please turn up the speaker volume
send an email and save the contact information for samuelwaters@hotmail dot com
most rated delivery options for chinese food
stock google find out
i want to order some takeout food
please turn off the lights in this room
s1, could you rephrase further on what you have said to me please.
that's wonderful work, thank you.
tweet my complaint on targets customer service
what the sexiest food to cook on a date
please don't shuffle songs in music player just playing continuously
you have done that correctly thanks.
tweet a complaint to apple about my iphone seven
can we play a game of hangman
read out my shopping list for today
what time does the train to place leave
i am no longer attending the wedding on the tenth so remove it from my calendar
check for all emails from tom brady
please increase the volume of the music hips don't lie
this event needs to be deleted
what is the latest news on sprint
in the following week repeat this event at ten am every day
what alarms i have set
turn on spotify shuffle
are there any cooking classes nearby my area
please will you shut down.
i want you to mute
what music do i like
can you turn up the lights
please send a reminder email to peter and ask him how long he will be taking to prepare the presentation ppt
may i know what is trending in social media
what events are scheduled this week
anything i need to know
what is the highest rated movie this week
could you tell me it one more time please.
give me a current traffic report
turn on my alarm
what is the timing of bagmati express
please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me
how many new emails since i last checked
can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area
set a calendar event to repeat yearly on this date
please tell me what is the stock price of dew in ny market
yeah that was fantastic.
what is the square root of ten
hi there tell me latest updates of times of india page in facebook
what time is the party tonight
what time does the train from new york come in
don't speak for an hour
can you start the roomba
play any country music station
google find and play florida georgia line the one with nelly
how is weather on such and such day
make the room blue
what is mary s.'s birthday
any one, olly.
i was not clear about your answer.
send answer to george
will you rephrase me about your response once again please.
no, i think that's not the right response.
cancel wake up calls for this week
that's not the right answer.
check my facebook notification
show me the name of the song playing right now
whats the schedule for today
can you put on the next i heart music radio show
say joke
brighten up the room
turn off the wemo plug socket
didn't understand what you said now.
brighten lights
inbox my family
add sam@gmail dot com to my contacts list
send mail to bubbles i want to meet her tomorrow at two pm in office
did you get the last thing said correctly?
whats the weather like
thanks but i think it's wrong response.
what's that the album is current music from
set a repeating reminder alarm for the facebook event i have to attend on seventh april
how can we prepare biriyani
tell me what is on the schedule for july seventh
please play the podcast from happypeoplecom
who has responded to my business within the last twenty four hours
list me the audiobooks i have already listened to
tweet @wendys that i don't like their product
what year did this song come out
change mountain standard to pacific
can you play hunt for red october
open grocery list and add milk
do i need to take an umbrella today
what is the forecast for the week
what is the dollar price in inr
please look up clothing stores near me
on the button of cleaner
book a train ticket for an eight am ride to charleston west virginia
i'd like a coffee please
book a train ticket to arrive in cambridge by eight thirty pm today
cut off noise
please check the news on social media
automobiles
will you please again elaborate.
please play podcasts on science
please change the color of my lights surprise me
yeap fantastic response to command.
how many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood
make the light in here redder
podcast play
opinion about latest gadgets
find and queue all songs of kate perry and play all without shuffling
play game
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
i am in need of a taxi right now
hey tell me a knock knock joke
hey olly turn the radio on
delete the item two from the list
remove that item
what are all my lists
what alarms do i all have set
find the meaning of promise
show me rediff masala
play scrabble with me
favourite podcast
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
hey what time is it in london now
start my bible study book again
please advise what the current news is on fox news
please unmute yourself
tweet at united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
i love anything by elton john
i can't hear you
excellent work, you have done well.
did paul email me recently
where can i find a good taco truck in los angles
get me a uber
play my favorite radio station
bedroom light off
i do not really care.
what on my play list
set a reminder alert for saturday nine am towards payment of electricity bill
make the wemo plug socket turned on
when is my order ready
make the lights brighter
how do i cook meatballs
what's next on the list
what time is it in the other time zones
s1, will you please further explain me about what you said.
how do you subtract numbers
look at my email
open games
please book a taxi for me
where is band playing
delete the grocery list
i have my clothes list
turn off wemo socket
no, this is not what i am looking for.
that does not matter with me.
what is the dollar against the pound
turn off smart lamp in den
just see for me the alarms that you have set today morning
what events are going on in the area
can you set the living room lights to pink
please set an alarm for seven hundred and thirty am tomorrow
tell me about my upcoming week
list out my meetings today
please check the exchange rates of the us dollar vs the euro
book ola for airport today evening
do you know what a joke is
book a train ticket from baltimore maryland to new york new york
tell me the street address of my facebook friend george
rise volume
turn my plug on
is my school alarm set
the command was wrong.
rewind the episode of podcast
find me a train ticket to boston
could you please turn on the plug
disable all alarms set for today
can i please have a cafe americano
pause the music
set reminder notification for three o'clock
what is the exchange rate for pounds and u. s. d.
order a takeaway sandwich and soup from the italian's
latest news feed from facebook
what apple trading at
stop playing
uh no, you did not understand what i am searching for.
please read my facebook feed
raise all the lights on
continue onto the next podcast
what kind of free activities can i do locally this week
what trips are available from new york city to poughkeepsie
open cnn app
i want to buy a train ticket tomorrow for boston to new york
create an event gym day on monday and set it to repeat
any fast food meal offers
start a vacuum cleaner
call a taxi company
give me more light
can you tell me if i have any alarms set
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
how high is pikes peak
yeap good response.
turn up sound
yes exact.
what is the answer to this math question
tell me the latest stock of pepsi
can you please stop speaking
resolve this thirty twelve
add broccoli to my grocery list
change the lights in the house to green
what alarms are set for this week
elaborate me about your answers further.
repeat this song
i did not catch that.
i want to cook italian dishes show me some
what are they saying about donald trump on this topic
i think that's not the right command.
get radio
it is too dark in here increase the brightness of the lights
what is next in my calendar
please recommend a restaurant in seattle
find a non stop train to seattle
turn wemo plug socket on
what is the cheapest ticket available next week for a round trip three day trip to iceland
do not get this.
does lechateau have delivery service or only takeaway
turn on the geyser
do i have any undone tasks
resume inkheart
play papa pear saga
just add a new email in my contacts from michael
place alarm at five o'clock morning
please play the next episode
delete the list item about the meeting
find lyrics of this song and save it it is very nice song
i need the lights in here to be turned up to seven
raise speaker volume
what time will it be locally at nine am bangalore india time
hey what's the current time in austin
i want to listen to treasure island by robert louis stevenson
please turn the lights on
please tune in to fm ninety five
change the color of my lights to something random
anything is ok for me.
add to list
please create a list of due payment those who not received more then ten months
play radio mirchi for me
every light of room increase its intensity
i was unclear about what you have said.
explain further on last sentence to me please.
would you please once again rephrase me on your answers.
where is the nearest pub in the city
book a cab in the evening for me
turn off the lights in this room please
i cant hear a thing
i would like you to check the question please.
send a tweet to national grid
what is the name of the lead singer in this band
s1, can you further clarify me on it.
book me a train ticket
two thumbs down @companyname
play the last played audiobook
save this song in my favorites
continue pride and prejudice
resume the last kingdom for me
send will do thanks to john as a reply to his last message
are there any alarms for today
silently adjust
check that.
define the moon for me
i would like to play tetris
that is all, just cancel.
please tell me news related to the stock market
accident or normal traffic
turn the lights to red color
please save this song
dammit, not right response.
start the radio now
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
is there a groomer in town for cats only
delete the following list
what items did i plan to buy
when was this song recorded
what is computer
switch from blue to yellow lights
you don't understand it right.
i cup of joe would be nice right now
is there a way to clear my calendar
google search booking train ticket
hey please reply to last pawel's email
reminders
how do i get to poughkeepsie from new york city
can you speak louder
when is the next train to b street
add my car payment on the twelfth in my calendar
i like this song please save
what is the square root of four
dont do that again.
are there any emails i haven't read yet
have no idea, olly.
what is the exchange rate between us dollars and bitcoin
alter lunch event to repeat every friday
tell me the exchange rate for the yen
tell me the name of the composer
good response to command.
i would like you cancel it.
this room lights off
my games to play in my computers
i like you to check it please.
please remove this event from my calendar
when did pop it like it's hot come out
i need you to add gary's email to my favorites
whatever is okay for me.
this song is amazing is not it
please delete the meeting i have with john tonight
please start me some coffee
i need directions to lowes in mount h nj
can you give me a recipe for homemade chicken noodle soup
can you check and confirm details.
in delhi traffic level too high
jazz could be choice for me
will you explain me about what you have said once again please.
turn off the closet light
i feel like having soup for lunch order from wangs kitchen restaurant a chicken manchow soup
tweet on the bad service
turn on hall lights
please can you check and confirm the details.
find an oscar nominee movie
set the alarm tone
what is a work phone number of emilia
i love this song
it's helpful, thank you.
hey olly play the radio
please remove the list
how is the new movie swat
is there any chances of rain this week
what film should i watch
i don't bother.
play pride and prejudice
why do some people still think the earth is flat
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
clean the carpets
turn on the wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
please start vacuuming
what is your country
would you explain further on it to me please.
musch appreciated, that's good.
book me a train ride
find grocery store with an organic section near me
delete this from list
don't care.
your answer was not what i was looking for.
how can you get basalt
turn on living room radio
what is the time difference between my location and hong kong
show me this week's forecast
hmm, you gave me not correct information.
play foke
delete everything on the menu
show me the picture of the singer
i think this was not correct.
please set alarm at five pm
speak louder
don't talk
open the two towers and play
recipes
take me to tnagar
what times are my alarms set for
where can i shop as a local tourist
i would like all the lights on when i enter
turn off the bass from the audio
how much is remaining after subtracting four from eight
can you please read the my mom sent this morning at ten am
let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please
remove all the events and schedules
yes you have done it exactly.
please make ke a coffee
scan my inbox for any new emails from robert
would you tell me that once again.
lower the light level in my house
hey go from off to on my vacuum in five minutes
s1, please explain further on your words to me.
if it is a consumer good then what is the customer feedback
clear the dust and then on the cleaner
turn off speaker
please check last thing i said.
please give me the traffic report for this afternoon
what is the time difference between california and michegan
yeah that's great.
what is ten times ten
can you help me find the answer to this question
please help me turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
yes wonderful response to command.
find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
turn off the lamp socket
set the alarm to seven am for work
start coffee
the last friday of the month lands on what day
email my boss that i will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting
when did mount saint helens last erupt
thanks but i think you do not get me.
what's the famous monty python joke about the bird
would you please confirm the instruction.
my vacuum cleaner should start between ten to eleven am everyday
can you delete the dentist appointment
add oil change to my to do list
uhh no, that's not what i am searching for.
make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled
when was this song released
have no idea for what to choose.
volume control
please be quiet for the next two hours
olly could you stop.
schedule my meeting with my girlfriend lisa in the night today at nine pm
what is the price of apple stock today
schedule me a taxi for after my thursday meeting
i want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list
please start the coffee
don't mind for whatever.
what is the time difference between california and new york
when i want it to take down notes
what time is it on the east coast of the united states
get me a turkey jimmy johns sub and set it to be delivered at five pm tonight
jump to next podcast
please set the alarm for next morning to seven am
turn off the office lights
i have no idea for what to do, olly.
what time of day is it in london
yes affirmative.
my day was so busy
give me the weather for merced at three pm
please turn down the lights to fifty percent in the den
mute your android phone when you arrive at work
do i have anything lists made for christmas shopping
thanks for reminding me, olly.
call a taxi for me to where i am currently located
change the color of lights
can you play my music file
longest river in the world
ah it is excellent.
is it going to be nice tomorrow
is there anything i need to know before i activate the robot vacuum cleaner
play chess with me please
send email to marissa
please tell me when i can become rich if i invested in dow stocks today and what will be the return after five years
please show today meting with clients
what's the change in best buy stick
how slow is traffic on the five
did you get that correctly?
brightness ninety percent
say what you've said one more time again please.
create a list for today's tasks
could you please remove the set of alarms between eight and nine
what song is on the radio
remove my list of contacts from work
please set a reminder for church services on sundays for eleven am
what are the vietnamese restaurants in the area
take out available louies
add pencil to school supplies list
schedule pizza takeout for seven pm
darker lights please
dim the overhead lights a tad
i would like to know the latest from nbc news
delete every event
what is the recipe for apple pie
give me the headline news
don't bother, olly.
please skip two songs
what genre is most played on my music player
how much is the dollar worth compared to the euro
today is monday is it
i need to cancel my rsvp for dinner this evening can you remove it on my calendar as well
latest reminder about meeting
find apple on list and remove
training day
did you get my last instruction correctly?
please tell me the definition of home
what all lists are available
can you repeat please.
headlines from dhaka tribune
switch on robot vacuum cleaner
can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
pink is all we need
yes you've understood my instructions exactly.
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
one more time again.
what's playing at brea plaza five
continue playing where I left off
what's the latest on stock market
are my contacts mostly female or male
music traking
turn off the wemo plug
switch on the vacuum cleaner
please add an item in my calendar
send email to daddy i'll be going to the birthday party
i would like you just cancel.
convert ten miles to kilometers
is brad pitt married
lower the speakers
turn up your volume
say the last one said again please.
please check and tell me contact details of mongomery llc company
turn off the kitchen lights
what clothing shops are close to my current location
was this song in the top twenty
show me the places where i was
be quiet
can you tell me what twenty five percent of two thousand one hundred is
how many countries are in the european union
can you please check the last thing i said.
play the next episode of drunks and dragons please
is there any grocery nearby
tell me about the events going on around my location
tell me what's on my holiday list
pick up dry cleaning tomorrow
play seven habits of effective people
what is the time difference between pacific and central
turn the lights on full bright
overhead lights on please
where is a great pub
what places can i order takeout from near by
nope, you did a task in wrong manner.
explain me further on what you have said please.
schedule taxi pickup for monday at noon
a cup of coffee please
please order me pizza and wings from papa johns now
list the shops near me
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
is that the song from spectre
check and tell me the address of my friend alex
directions to nearest apple store
awesome work, you've done well.
order food
please check and confirm the last thing said.
what is five over three
open derek's contact information
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
switch off kitchen lights
does restaurant have takeaway
wikipedia page about sean connery
does the nearby dominos have delivery
who was in the beatles
what and how is india's economy at the moment
tell funny things
lights up
how long until i receive my food
now playing
what's the price of ge right now
i would like coffee now
refresh my inbox and inform me about new emails
turn off the sound
olly will you shut up please.
it's great one, thank you very much.
network podcast
you've got me incorrectly.
what's around me
speak loudly
i don't like this light please show me other options
where can i eat along route sixty six
sorry but i think you got it wrongly.
the radio should play only on nine hundred and ninety nine fm
can you check my last question.
how does production and population affects us
play an fm
what is the exchange rate for dollars to pounds
add this email to my contacts
when is shakira's birthday
how do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
are you sure its going to rain tomorrow
find me a joke related to baseball
hey email jan about our meeting
i want to listen to classical music
could you check instruction.
my party list
what is this person's contact information
ask me an arithmetic question
please ask mr coffee to make a latte
cancel the event valentine's day from the calendar
recommend a movie with justin bieber
help me start my kitchen list
hey sound is low can you tune it up
send reply to joe
can you play call me by aretha franklin after this song is finished playing
what are today's headlines
how many pesos to an american dollar
any activity in the area
what's the weather in toronto today
could not understand it.
make a list of camera photos
play one more time
down
i want to see the next podcast available
please make the lights natural
social media updates
yeap correct response to the command.
i need a naughty joke not to naughty though
what's a movie in theaters that doesn't suck
please give me the road forecast for i95 sb
is there an alarm for ten am
write an email to luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
what is weather today
get rid of tax list from nineteen ninety
calculate distance from boston to new york
refresh the inbox and update about any unread mails
give me an update on the election in one hour
sorry but it's not the right answer.
can you confirm instruction.
date and time
turn off light
how does merriam webster define ultra
are there any good pizza places around here
play the college baseball game
please activate my vacuum cleaner
i'm in the mood to order takeaway
who built the prado museum
let's hear some indie rock okay
show me the current time
nightime
whats the definition of indignation
what is the lowest microsoft stock price today
start music
that is of no importance, olly.
google can you book me a ticket on the train for tomorrow
check and confirm the instruction please.
will you speak it once again.
decrease the volume
do i have any calendar events this month
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
when is the next train to new york
have bing's stocks dropped
i need coffee
do you know how to answer this math question
please quiet the speaker
hey does open sesame do take out
show me the alarms i've set
whats my schedule today
what temperature should a baked chicken be
how do i bake a potato
i need to get to location call a cab
write a complaint to best buy
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
what date is easter sunday this year
when is the next office meeting
tell me about current status of sunderland vs liverpool match
head lines today from news
please turn on wemo socket
is there anything on my list today
where monet's exhibition takes place
where is the pharmacy in leavenworth
decrease brightness of lights
i need you to convert nine am cst to est time
that is unimportant, olly.
turn off all of my alarms
can you please clarify me more on your answers.
turn up the brightness
please reset that.
play my midnight love playlist
would you shut down please.
rotate the light colors
what is price of dollar
can you try again please.
i need the volume to be louder
please set a monthly reminder for paying rent
please tell me that one more again.
thanks for doing that.
remind me of meeting five minutes before time
please start the vacuum cleaner
olly please will you shut off.
play my rap playlist
can you make me a cup of coffee
near by grocery
what is the current time in chennai
today's schedule
what are the results of the election
what's some upcoming events i might want to go to
just cancel.
complaint on service provider on my twitter
what's going on between three hundred and thirty and four
you got that perfectly.
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
sorry but i think you've got that not right.
please add sugar to my grocery list
resume the two towers
please check what said.
order one burger
what does settle mean
delete mike stein from contacts list
find me my dad's email address
write down meeting at seven pm
where is my meeting at nine am
hi olly change the color of lights in my room to red
please unmute the settings
book please
place a take out order at olive garden
bed room two switch off the lights
play podcast a
does my favourite pizza place available for takeaway
is it going to rain in the next few days in tucson
speak quieter
how is the spouse of obama
which bank will give better rate for currencies i have
is the answer of five plus two seven
oops, i think you do not understand me.
how long until my order arrives
can save this music in my playlist
new reminder at three pm
what was the latest post
locate nearby dining places
repeat the music
please check my reminders
train departure
call the restaurant to see if the delivery is on the way
Lets play tic tac toe
send a tweet to kroger about spoiled milk
mute sound from speakers
what is worth doing around here
start cleaning floors
play subway surfers with me
describe a rotor
i'd like you confirm the question please.
please tell me the name of this band
turn on flappy bird
re add eggs to the list
activate the wemo plug socket
am i gonna need rain boots
seven times seven
it has a meaning of rhythm
i would like you check and confirm it please.
dollar rate of philippiness peso
turn lights off in kitchen
s1, further rephrase me about what you just said now please.
what's the song title
please turn on the smart socket
let me know if linda posts anything on my facebook today
open lists remove list
could you just cancel it please.
pause resume
do you know the definition of school
is there any new vegan news on facebook
i want the email to be sent to my new email address abc@gmail dot com
show me reviews of my nearest location food court
tune into the joe rogan show in ten minutes
open my amazon music app and play my playlist
how hot is it in miami
yeah amazing response.
is it supposed to rain tomorrow
define rumplestiltskin
show me my emails from the past hour
play my most played songs
Is country better today or ten years ago
do i need a light or heavy jacket today
what's your favorite color
look for different recipes
remove my bedtime alarm
are you sure that is correct.
check my last post on facebook
meaning of word
please can you check the last thing i said.
these lights are too bright please lower them
i'd like a cup of coffee please
add jane's birthday party at one hundred and twenty three main for two pm tomorrow on my calendar
i need a six am wakeup call
what is the answer to that question
how much is starbuck's stock these days
add event to calendar
tweet complaint to consumer service
change the lights in the kitchen to blue
please would you repeat what you've said.
show ana number
please could you try what you've said once more.
get me takeaway food
please increase the brightness in this room
quiet time
please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
what music genre do i listen to the most
open chess play against me
just cancel please.
find me the smallest coffee shop in new orleans
which teams are playing this weekend
olly please shut off.
what is the best recipe for tacos
tell me when will indians economy touch that of americas
let's try what you said one more time again please.
play a movie i'll like
how much is a round trip train ticket to go to new york
do i have email from my friend rachel
what's happening around the world
what is the value of apple
can you start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
i love zydeco jams
download the latest folk songs having rating of four star or above and play all without shuffle
turn on the vacuum
where is the nearest train to me
what a sunny day
how is the traffic situation in houston street
how do i subtract four from two
stock price fb
find restaurant order food name
what did i tell susan in my last email
how do i go to athens by train
uhh no, i did not say this.
show all emails regarding the breach
it's quiet time
please make me nice coffee
mute for volume
exchange rates between dollar and euro
show shops around second street
can you mute my speaker
thanks but this is not the right response.
what is amazon worth
i wouldn't really bother, olly.
change the lights to red
is it possible to drive now in ohio
can you tell me the price of google stock
what are the lyrics to this song playing
play audiobook
continue from where we left off in divergent
what you have said was not so clear.
do i have a number for jerry
i need to book a taxi
can you find a nice restaurant downtown
deactive the socket
change lights to pink
what can i do in charlotte
what is the total of 500 and 23
please check exchange rates
give me contact mail id
turn off my wemo plug socket
please let me know what's happening to my social media
save my song preferences on playlist
i really enjoy rock and roll
activate the vacuum cleaner and use it
remove noodles from the list
turn off on wemo outlet
turn off my wemo plug socket now
yeap amazing response to command.
turn on some music
i want to know what are happening now in me area
find the recipe for sambar in cookingforu application
political news of importance for the day
attenuate the lights
change the speaker volume to sixty five percent
beg your pardon.
lessen the speaker volume
will you please shut down.
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in benton ar
rewind to four twelve
how much traffic does atlanta georgia usually have
has mary posted anything to facebook today
make a laundry setting for the volume at twenty
check emails from gary for last hour
what is on my playlist
clear my calendar for saturday
are there any traffic delays
events happening between eight am and five pm today
here's an email address
where is the best pizza on sixth street
change the light color to white
increase the volume of the music to ninety
that is enough, just cancel it.
silence volume on speakers
tag this song with five stars
can you save this what a nice song for me
show me derek's contact information
i need to change my house lights colour to blue
what is today's weather forecast
want to play a game
what's the traffic on eighty today
can you start my saved podcast
remove my early alarms
book me a taxi
i need help making pancakes
do i have the address for the apple store in my contacts
i wouldn't know.
book an uber to pick me up now
kill item
i love that song who sings it
how far is orlando from my house
i am need my hat today
what time will my alarm go off today
when will my chinese food be delivered
how old is betty white
i can't hear just increase the volume
i want to hear surfin usa
play uno together
no lunch date tomorrow
remove calendar events for this week
current price of coca cola stock
would you cancel it please.
remind me the upcoming meeting at four am today
please will you speak once again.
change my light color to yellow
what time is twelve pm eastern time in pacific time
play r and b
thanks but it's not the correct command.
please make me a coffee using the coffee machine
call dad
please add new item to list
oops, you're not correct.
confirmed.
should i watch this movie
start my robot vacuum cleaner by ten to eleven am daily
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to jaisalmer
does this restaurant deliver
lets begin buddy
that's wrong.
it is great one, thank you.
what train companies are near me
play the next podcast episode
change the light colour to green
remove alarm
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
turn the sound off
mute for two hours
wake me up at five hundred and thirty
remove the list of apps which started with letter a
mute please
can you tell me what's on the schedule for tomorrow
define forensic
would you elaborate again to me please.
find the nearest uber
what's the pound to dollar exchange rate
let me know the recipe for preparing pasta
when is easter in the year two thousand and eighteen
pull up all emails sent to me from amazon
again clarify me on your answers.
what's happening near me this week
explain quantum physics to me in language i understand
List all the lists on this device
would you check and confirm the details please.
create an email to my brother asking him what time he will be over for dinner
olly could you please shut up.
is soft cheese better than hard
i want to start a new list
olly i want you cancel it.
what do i need to get done today
that's good one, thank you very much.
does pizza hut have delivery
format data from calendar
tell me when i need to leave the airport
answer paul's email
please play some jazz music
can turkeys fly
make this email a new contact
remove a list of accessories purchase last week
please once again rephrase me about what you have said.
please change the colour of the lights i'll tell you when to stop
olly that's enough, just stop it.
reply an email to jason that i will not come tonight
please check on the movies playing in theaters nearby
olly can you shut down.
add valia's wedding the next saturday at eight o clock
please play my cricket game
delete my six am alarm
buy a train ticket for one week from now from new york to las vegas nevada
do i have new emails from john
add an alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
can you please clarify me more on your answer.
should i bring an umbrella today
book a train for me
drive the car and bring my friends over
set on second january about soccer match of manchester
reserve a taxi
would you please check and confirm what i last said.
fifteen plus twenty
lower my music player volume by fifty percent of its current level
i would like you just stop it.
vitaly channel
change background
does olive garden have take out
do i have a home number for shelly
desk lamp one off
start a takeaway order for me
let me know the time in india
and the light began
send an email to emma
please put all the lights
is it sunny in gonbad now
what are the news stories on the cnn website
please can you confirm the question.
show me boston's current time
anything else left on the list
may i know the traffic situation
how many eggs are on my grocery list
it's time for junk food
i like you confirm details please.
describe texture
i would talk to you later.
shut up
turn off the rice cooker socket
what is the status of my order
open pandora and play top hits
how about the latest news
start the league of legends game
please start vacuum
how can i cook pasta
how long will it take to drive to long beach
i would like to have a cup of coffee
is there traffic right now in maiden lane
lower audio
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and cad
what's your favorite joke
when can i pick up my order
will the temperature be higher than forty tomorrow
tell me about donald trump
add this email address to my contacts and send an email to
please turn off the lights in the kitchen
get me directions to meijer
play fault in our stars on audible
would not know.
delete the events from the calendar on twenty eighth march
i watched the best movie please reserve me a copy when it releases
remove list of due payment of rajesh
how much is dollar worth in persos
please change the lighting to blue
what is the date easter falls on
open the two towers
tell me if my alarm is set for the morning
can you remove that on my calendar
that was incorrect let's try again.
call a cab
please tell kmart they sent the wrong item
all new mail
change the time zone from washington to new york
top news
send a tweet to apple that their batteries drain too fast
create a new shopping list
can you do name that tune
when i will get the delivery
your understanding is confirmed.
get me an uber please
what is the stock for hp company
how much is twenty argentinian pesos in pounds
where did rama go on his final journey
please create a new alarm
update my inbox please
i want to resume where i last left off in my audio book
tell me about mary s. in my contacts
can i have an espresso please
what do you get when you multiply sixteen by nine
can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person
please go to amtrak dot com to purchase tickets
it's excellent, appreciated.
start podcast
what should i do this weekend
open news about bp oil
is there any alarm active
no, you don't get what i just requested.
you like the song
get the duet game
we should play nfs at high speed
id like to know if there are any accidents on the route that i am taking
when is the next lakers game
tea shop
place order for usual burritto at chipolte
s2, i can not quite catch that.
show me best in class theatre
reserve the closest uber
whats on my shopping list
what is on the agenda for today
did apple stocks go up or down
help me call james
i don't really mind to choose any one.
off lights
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
i'dl like to hear any classical except for bach or schubert
do i need a rain coat today
what will the weather be like in austin on march sixteenth
could you check my last question.
you can send the email to abc@gmail dot com this is my new email address
i want the music to be saved can you do it for me
what does apple of my eye mean
if it is noon in virginia what time is it in california
would you please check it.
what's the traffic on the one hundred and one
can you turn off on the wemo plug socket
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and canadian dollar
i would like my to tell me the trend on foreign exchange rates
go near vacuum cleaner
what alarms do i got
give me a geographic fact about vilnius
do i have a meeting today
send an email to frank and ask them what the weather going to be like this week
start playing podcast about books
give me the time in london
what happened to the dow jones today
is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
tell me when my next doctors appointment is
this is a good song put it on repeat
what's happened in the news recently
What's close by for dinner
Hello book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
would you tell me once again.
what is the exchange rate as of today
i need a taxi uber
please remove dinner date scheduled for this friday at nine pm
could you do it again please.
it's eight fifty five here what time is it in england
lower the lights a little more
start words with friends
invite people to the calendar event
what is your age
you rock,.
hey what is the definition of recipe
please give me detail one dollars equals rs
book me a train ticket for saturday
add the email oriam@gmail dot com to my contacts
open the local news app
i want a train ticket to edinburgh
order one pizza from pizza hut
will you confirm that please.
olly can you just stop.
get route for los angles from here
tell me about this week's weather
is there christmas on twenty second
wouldn't really know, olly.
you didn't get it correctly.
find the nearest olive garden that has take out service
are there any events happening this weekend
write a tweet to this company
what is my recent email activity
tell me the temperature in pheonix
on the music player set the volume level at sixty
remove the milk from the shopping list
please will you check it.
look up word
set the settings to mute
delete my alarm for eight am
turn_down speakers
make me a cooled coffee
clear my next event
lower the lights in the bedroom
open some cools jokes
is it going to snow tonight
for how many years was abraham lincoln president of united states
do not mind for any one.
add these documents to the things i need to travel with
vacuum the carpet freshener from the carpet
order a meal from a nice restaurant
please call china wok and order number seven
what do i need to make pot roast
please change light color to purple
find me the earliest train ticket departing friday morning to miami
tell me the name of the song
please shut down.
add event baseball practice five pm tonight
start up league of legends for me
disable the alarm at ten am
i'm thinking of a number one to ten
what is on my to do list today
i would like the recipe for baked chicken
show traffic
what's traffic look like over the golden gate bridge
send a reply to mike with the answer four hundred and thirty from his email he sent this morning
give me some recipes for sheperds pie
check the status of my pizza hut order please
no speaking please
can i know what i on the list
how do i get to starbucks
i want to hear radio head please
it's not the correct command.
bingo
decrease volume to very soft
thank you so much for the information.
ah that was great work.
hey olly on the twentieth clear my calendar
will trump visit russia anytime soon
will you further elaborate me on what you have said please.
appreciated, that's nice.
tweet my current location
reset the alarm
remember to put carrots in there
take lunch meeting off my calendar
olly cancel all soccer practice alarms
what alarms are set in the house
tell me whats on the web
please hold for the next hour
please list all my alarms
search events and meetups for central park west
increase the light in the room
nope, i didn't say this.
open pandora play rock station
alarm set
how would you tackle the following problem brush your teeth
what is happening in town tonight
give me the specs on the bugatti veyron
how's are the roads looking right now
let me know about the exchange rate of rupee to dirham
delete my next scheduled event please
save this email in my contact for future use
remove the list
call and order pizza for delivery
it is too bright in here dim the lights
you are so helpful, thank you so much.
good work, you have done well, olly.
where can i book a train ticket to oregon
yeap you've got your understanding right.
what are the new rock radio stations
check currencies
please would you check and confirm it.
give me the details of friend
review set alarms
turn up music please
light up
whatever, olly.
play new songs by barenaked ladies
what is the meaning of the word home
i would like a cup of coffee with one cream and three sugars
what's one divided by plus two divided by cup
will you check and confirm command please.
house can you make all the lights in the house blue
clear everything from the calendar
how cold is it outside
forward to four twenty
open the contact alex in phonebook
can we turn up the lights
enable smart socket
what temperature do you bake a potato
book train ticket to ny
book for me an uber taxi to carmen drive
tell me joe joe's home address
remind me at one thousand three hundred
what is the definition of a probiotic
can you please check my last question.
its dark in here mind turning up the light intensity
could you please lower the tone
book ticket for paris by train
can you please further elaborate what you just said.
tell me which catering packages are available
does not matter to me.
please would you cancel it.
will you please clarify again.
play next episode of harry potter by j. k. rowling
tell me how to cook pasta
any low priced delicacies
what is six hundred euros in u. s. d.
where do cows come from
hey put carrots on that
order chinese for delivery
wait, you've understood me not right.
how much money is one dollars worth in denmark
arrange a taxi
what is three plus four
turn down the noise
replay the musics
start the robot vacuum cleaner at one pm today
please do not talk for thirty minutes
lower the brightness of the lights
send an email to fred from work he is in my contacts
how much is b. p. in u. s. d.
book a train ticket for me
add a movie name to the wish list
what is one dollar in euros
what is trending in tech today
delete the list brads appointments
could you please help me to order some sushi from deliveroo
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
what is a good movie to see right now
what does potato mean
what is your mood today
do a coffee for me please
have any jokes
locate me the amazon restaurants
do you think i can wear sandals or should i wear sneakers tonight at seven pm
i enjoy music
how is president's trump office proceeding
do you have the mailing address for the electric company
please turn off the light of the bathroom
show me all the events happening in milan
tell me my friends most recent update
please put this playlist on shuffle
add appointment in the list
resume harry potter book five
save this song to playlist
what does a baguette look like
can you turn on pandora
what's the name of this song
searching for any special holidays for us country
most viewed list
go to email compile
can you further explain me on it please.
describe the empire state building
start radio station one oh seven point five fm
get me to the nearest train station
i need to create a new to do list
change my house lights colour to blue
i want the light switched off can you do it for me
remove apple from list
mute speaker
book me a taxi from castle street to airport
turn my bathroom plug socket on
turn on the plug socket one
siri what is one american dollar in japanese yen
please find a mail address of manoj and tell me
enter silence mode
start play fifa seventeen
nearest restaurants available at this time
give me the opening stock price of acer computers
set alarm for tomorrow at two pm
i am sorry but this was not the correct command.
what is mary smith's telephone number
directions to mcdo
turn off the upstairs bathroom light
tweet complaint to amazon products
please tell me to take my umbrella because it will be very hot today
can you please shut down.
does not matter, olly.
ah that is great one.
yeap exact response to command.
give me the idea of current traffic condition
i have already given mark his gift today please remove him on my christmas gift list
book a train ticket with a berth seat to lucknow for next week
any specific event in washington
skip this one
play tic tac toe with me
start the coffee machine
tweet complaint to sony consumer service
post i am happy to facebook
is mysore going to be very hot and humid today whats the weather status
switch the smart plug socket
please turn off the lamp
i'd like to hear the last things spoke again.
i would like to hear your last the procedure said again.
i need a gold class ticket on train number five using my credit card
who is doing facebook live right now
what did you mean by that.
lights to fifty percent
can you change the lights to white
turn lights off in living room
will I need a raincoat when I go to glasgow on sunday
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
s1, please again elaborate me about your answer.
could you elaborate further on your answers to me.
repeat reminder for my schedule for christmas
will i need sunblock this weekend
could you fix me some coffee
find me a taxi
aib podcast on kashmirstart it
describe the statue of liberty
turn off eight am alarm
tell me about rock
can you please create a list for me
yeap fantastic.
say one more time again please.
it was not clear.
turn off the living room light
book a taxi to the airport
can you pull up a recipe for spaghetti
show current track in music player
any events this weekend in pondichery
delete this item
increase the light
would you check what i said.
sorry but it is incorrect.
i would talk to you later on.
please describe about microwave
post a new status on facebook saying that i am enjoying the nice weather
set track twenty eight in music player on repeat
turn on smart socket in dining room
please alert me when john emails me
what are the current stock prices for google
create new contact
bring back talking after
do i have any alarms set for six am tomorrow
look up movies near me
please turn the lights down
what day does my birthday fall on next year
who wrote the song that is playing
turn up the lights please
please turn up the screen brightness all the way
refer local current events
what day of the week is it
how much meat should i buy to serve ten people
please solve this math
respond to mom's mail message about the recipe site
what's the stock price of this item
quiet
what did she just sing
you've gotten my instructions exactly.
select and play only christian rock from one thousand nine hundred and ninety upwards
show me a funny joke
book ola cab for now
list all of my upcoming alarms
tell me more about that concert
hips dont lie thats the song i would like you to play for me
your volume is too high please repeat that lower
play from favorites song
definition for object name
could you please check and confirm that.
show me the stock prices of target today
please add item to list
turn on the roomba for me
how do you make steel
what lists do i have
cancel my alarm for tomorrow morning
let me hear that podcast
can you check train schedule to berkeley
wake up time
could you please again clarify your answer to me.
show the list that are available with numbers
speak all items for to day
Hashtag loving this weather post to twitter
is there any carnival taking place in our area
what time is it in the eastern half of the us right now
tell me the time in g. m. t. plus five
can you tell me today's date
can you give me the newest phone number for bobby mcgee
is there traffic
who's birthdays are today on facebook
play chopin
turn up the volume of my speakers
what does happy mean
get me a ride on the commuter train from nj to ny
please delete all meeting after seven am
turn my bedroom lights off
hey check emails
open the davinci code where i left off
send me the stock market updates for today
what do you mean.
tell me the news about jallikattu in tamil nadu
please let's try it one more time again.
how much money will i make for the week if i make dollars per hour and work twenty hours
what's that.
change my mum's email in my phonebook
ticket for new york
could you confirm detail please.
what is the time difference between here and japan
let's play nine ball against me adapt with my skill level always let me win
change my status to chillin
what day of the week does the next holiday fall on
what is the best mexican restaurant in seattle
order a double bacon cheeseburger with bacon an white american cheese
show me share price of facebook
open up contacts and add email something@gmail dot com
olly that is enough, just cancel.
is there any type of festival going on in town this weekend
open audiobook
add paper towels to the grocery list
please cancel my next hair cut
you have got that exactly.
i do not want to use the socket anymore
remove my grocery list
let me know when charges hit my credit card
what do you suggest that i watch this weekend
confirm that my notification is set to remind me when i leave
divide one thousand five hundred by one hundred and sixty
what is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
fix an alarm
where is the nearest restaurant here
what time does the train depart from downtown los angeles to santa barbara
i'd like to send a reply
what time will my alarm wake me up
next alarm
uhh no, you gave me not correct information.
pull up lights control
from now on mute
add lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
turn up media volume
list events nearby new york
please delete what i just typed
play me news radio channel
play music now from radio plus
this song should be on my playlist
make an order for noodles one pack make it as takeaway order
please convert nine am cst to est time
set alarm tomorrow at six am
i want to change the color of the lights
resume my audio book from karl pilkington
find me the oldest hotel in washington dc
can you change the living room lights to a softer color
turn the music lower
are there any accidents on harvard
find me news about trumps speech
turn the living room's light off
olly will you please shut down.
how do i cook rice
play me a podcast
define oscillate
have a moan at easyjet
what is the best chocolate chip cookie recipe
tell me all local events
i need a ticket on the train to new york city tomorrow
can i order takeaway dinner from byron's
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of twenty three march
remind me to take the casserole out of the oven at seven hundred and forty five pm
i have no idea for which to select.
what time does the train departs lagos
i would want you to tweet for me at india consumer complaints forum regarding the late delivery of gas cylinder
exchange rate of yan with dollar
will i be able to get away with shorts today
is there any program for tomorrow evening
what is latest news about this world
what is the square root of forty two
what day of the week is first april
did i put toothpaste on my pick up list
what are the details on umf
give me the list of all events coming up in the next month and set notifications for all of them
turn on the vacuum cleaner
please you don't speak in eight to ten pm
turn the volume up on music player
book my chair class ac train ticket from manhattan to new york
i am sorry but i think you're incorrect.
hey send an email to my friend
confirm that please.
find me a train ticket for the next trip to washington dc
please remove sporty event from list
what are the ingredients necessary
what alarms do i have set for today
fight me in street fighter
play me john's podcast
is this program is scheduled
open hershey twitter
add dentist appointment for friday at five
change the lights of the house to a blue hue
what does a sea lion look like
that's helpful, thank you very much.
show me the previous episode
are there any roadblocks
can you delete the doctors appointment i had Tuesday
describe a chart
remove event from my list
can you tell me what list i have
start playing my most played podcast
what's on your mind today
yeap fantastic response.
how many pounds do sixty kg make
what's the next thing on my list of appointments
you are hero, appreciated.
get coffee maker started for a fresh cup
store my contacts
equalize the bass of this music
what lists are open
save that song and my opinion
remove events from calendar
it's useful,, olly.
s1, again clarify your answers please.
bring up a complaint form
please would you speak one more again.
what day is easter
make the room light blue
can you brighten up the lights please
have i received any mail in the last hour
send a replay email
how's weather today
turn up
let's play workout playlist
i can barely hear you
please brighten the lights
remind me off about my tomorrow meeting sharply at ten
do i have any off days this week
can you tell me what the white house is
stock please
what is the square root of one hundred and forty eight thousand five hundred and eighty seven
i am sorry but i think that's not correct.
let me see cultural events for this weekend in palermo neighborhood
turn up volume of music
remove the board meeting and reschedule for next wednesday
play radio disney
would you speak it one more again please.
search earliest trains to brooklyn ny weekends and holidays
i need an alarm for sunday at eight am can you please set one for me
i want to hear what i've just said again.
any local news stories for my home city
convert time zone
i want to order chinese takeout
find shoe shopping near my home
how many calories are in a serving of grapes
does fongs do carry out
what is the traffic this morning
what pubs are close
remove item three
you're too loud
is the meeting scheduled for tomorrow
appreciated, that is great job.
it's too bright in here can you turn a light off
exact.
please delete next meeting with rajesh
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
brighten the light of hall
the song touches my heart
would you please shut down.
turn cleaner robot on
turn on shuffle
please give me detail of o zaalima song
make a coffee for me
please turn off my patio lights
keep the socket in off condition
change the light to pink color
play it louder
turn my iroomba on
ah that's nice one.
please can you cancel it.
please set an alarm clock for my next meeting with the team at three pm next friday
let's try again please.
i want some curry to go any recommendations
book me an uber ride to go home
get the cleaning on
turn off garage light
when monet's exhibition takes place
hey does that restaurant have takeout
set an alarm at ten tomorrow to remind me a meeting
how many lists do i have in contacts
what does the list contain
alert me at the time of the event
facebook info
that doesn't really matter.
what is the sensex and nifty points for today
yes you got answer correcly.
what does i seventy five look like
create vacation list
wouldn't mind.
please will you try again.
check emails
will you reset.
bring up a recipe for turkey meatballs
pull up list
email chris add following content sorry I will be late today
what is the time for the eastern time zone
check all the new them emails and mark them star
can you speak quieter please
how expensive is google stock
play the game of thrones audio book from the last chapter i was on
s2, i didn't catch that.
set off this alarm
list items on my work list
i like you just cancel.
when is my alarm set for
access latest news
please find the most popular store in the area
set a meeting with hongbin
please check the trending topics on twitter
it was not the correct response.
can you remind me about the gym class in two hours
can you turn down the volume please and tell me what is the title of this song
answer the email
lights off in the kitchen please
sorry but it is not correct.
skip to next episode
could you please check the traffic to our home
add the new email to my contacts
what are the latest tweets on my twitter account
show me future events
my calendar is to be updated with all rccg event in march
doesn't really matter with me.
delete the list created yesterday
i like jazz
what are my newest emails
book me a uber for tomorrow night at six pm
search for gluten free menus
what is the current state of brexit negotiations
is adele going to go on tour
reply to heather's latest email by answering no
tweet the current temperature
this item should be added to the list
tell me about my alarms
tell me about alexander the great
i need the recipe for hot cross buns
wake me up
play the radio
no, it is not what i wanted.
i wouldn't really care, olly.
can you turn msnbc on in the car
what is photosynthesis
book ticket to depart in the morning
can you set the alarm for one hundred and thirty
notify me of the latest news on the stock market
where is a petrol station in five mile radius
i want you confirm that please.
i want to hear sleeptime playlist next
what is the answer to two by two
what are the train times for today
please remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow ten in the morning
this song was very good
i want to cook pasta in american style show me how
could you tell me one more time please.
please add dan's email to my contacts
please play michael jackson album
check inbox for mail from sarah
give me today's market trends for panasonic
i need a train ticket traveling to new york in may
start brewing please
how many songs did michael jackson write
add the item to the list
play thinking out loud next
i want to hear more audiobook
is my order ready
that's enough, just cancel it.
s2, i am unclear about it.
begin radio play
whats was the value of x if x plus two equals five
play nine hundred and seventy one
who is the better half of obama
yeap good.
save this song
please dim the overhead lights
four divided by two equals two
turn off all lights
do i have anything outstanding on any lists
am i going to need a jacket tomorrow
can you tell me what movies are playing at the movies tonight
joke of the day
turn on vacuum cleaner
have i gotten any emails from mom lately
open audible and continue playing the book that i was listening to
it was a very hectic workday
conversion between dollars and pounds
can you convert my time zone to the time zone i'm currently in
what time i sit in china right now
tell me why relationships are so hard
today's closing price for google
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
Define economics
what is today's weather in springfield
convert usa time in to indian time
play the kansas city hip hop station
let me hear a joke
what is the traffic like this morning
i am in need of some pizza what's the closest place that delivers
tell me which stocks were the biggest gainers in stock market nasdaq today
i'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please
uh no, you gave me incorrect information.
dim the lights in the kitchen
please start the podcast
how many alarms have i set
commence coffee making
turn it to frequency nine hundred and ninety seven
clear the list
please turn on all lights
please dim the lights in the bedroom
seems like the response was not correct.
create event with alarm for meeting in two hours
hey play crazy by britney spears
should i take my raincoat with me now
who sung this
please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to new york
switch on smart plug
stop wake up calls for this week
can you tell me how to cook chocolate chip cookies
what do you use to make cookies
tell me what's happening this week
any good movies
please play next episode
switch wemo plug socket off
delete my calendar
olly can you just stop it please.
call an uber for me
how much long until northern rail arrives at kings cross station
change my clock to central time zone from my current zone
who is the artist of this song
can you tell me what haggis looks like
email james about the softball game james we need to get some refreshments before heading over
do a tournament with me in candy crush
does this restaurant only do carryout
what does snafu mean
what is the train schedule to denver
add coffee to the grocery list
can i go outing without any raincoat
add wash jeans to laundry list
make a new list for school supplies
can you play the next podcast
how does the dollar compare to the pound
olly please read me today's news
domino's delivery status
you are my hero, appreciated.
please would you shut up.
dim the lights a bit
i am forever hip hop
open twitter and add complaint on doctor patel's feed
please speak up
do not really mind for any one.
remove all my engagements from calendar for tomorrow
please book the five pm train to rockville
show me what alarm times i've set for the week
i would like to hear what said again.
i enjoy listening to this song it really calms me down
download and save song of dangal movie
today's local events
please play the song joy to the world
turn off all the lights
is there a food festival in the area
how many people are following me on twitter now
what's june's address nowadays
yeah you understood command correcly.
please adjust the colors in my lights
read new messages from my wife
turn off shuffle
what is the status quo for traffic right now
book a train ticket on the five hundred and two in fifteen minutes
thank you so much.
delete event for tuesday
am i available at five pm on sunday
set the alarm for five am
play old fashioned christmas music
good response to the command.
start a new shopping list
thanks but i think you did not get the answer correctly.
please turn off the lights
what is the stock value of google
check to see if my mom sent me any emails
please mute for five minutes
what's the traffic this morning
play some boy band music
i want some coffee now
how is the traffic in san francisco over the bay bridge
is mary's birthday party tonight
answer for three times four
i need to hear that sentence again.
what's the rate between pesos and yen
get me the number for local taxi service
start the robot vacuum cleaner
add a five am alarm in place of my nine pm alarm
reserve a ticket to go to destination by train
please turn off any lights that are still on
go back to the midnight series
what happens on the fourth of july
please tell me it one more again.
read that back
set an alarm forty minutes from now
movies making money
tell me what lists i currently have
what are the most recent headlines on cnn
turn the plug off
add wine to list
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
look for a joke
find hotel order food name
can you send a tweet to lif saying that their app crashed
how to calculate trigonametry
open saga
fraud in weighing products
put classic rock on
delete my dinner tomorrow
what is the exchange rate between the us and canada
check to see if pizza hut has my order on the way
what was the last thing my mom said
do i have any new email from ryan
list my lists please
how bad is traffic this morning
send an email to dad about the weather for the week
whats online
when i should leave to office
yeap you have got my instructions exactly.
please tell me what lists i have
what have i got going on between three and four pm today
set the mood please
dim my light
spread some lights
are there any trips to location a provided by the train
can i order out
what day is it on fifth december
can you please remove the alarm
can you turn the lights up
turn the lights on party mode
where is a nearby park where i can go running
could you say the sentence spoken once again please.
can you confirm what just said please.
fantastic response.
pull up the complaint website for starbucks
how can a cook risotto
will it get warmer here next week
define cpu
please check and tell me where is the location of toms new business
whatever is okay with me.
order a large pan pizza with ham and mushrooms from pizza hut
list phone and email id of robert
convert twenty one thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. four thirty
what is the equivalent of one inr in zimbabwe dollars
erase my appointment on the twelfth from my calendar
could you give me the exact rate for dow nifty futures
no lights
cancel dentist appointment for this week
what bands are playing close by
i want an alarm for six am everyday
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
please remind to sleep at nine pm
do i have any new email
tell me updates
please go to next date
whats the time in denver
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order
where does john smith live and what is his phone number
that is nice work, thanks.
put a seven pm meeting time down for march fourteenth
sorry but i think you are not right.
respond to graham and let him know that i will be free tomorrow
up
do i have any emails from katherine
resume audiobook please
show me the demographic growth rate of switzerland in the last ten years
will you please shut off.
it seems like olly's command was not right.
wake me up in thirty minutes
check if any alarm is there after five am
make a room darker
open contacts and find john smith
how is coca cola stock doing today
twenty ninth march comes on what day
play heavyweight podcast
please recommend a movie
s2, i do not catch up with you.
enable my plug
please say what you've just said once again.
start vacuum bot
is it going to rain today in san diego
is there an alarm at four am
start the coffee maker
please save my opinion about the song that is currently playing
taxi now
where can i find this song
find my thai takeaways around grassmarket
how much is an euro worth
would you just stop it please.
buy me a ticket to boston
please run the vacuum cleaner
pull up peking garden online
hey order a side of hot wings with my previous order
i need a taxi to pick me up at the house and take me downtown
add bob to my list of contacts
please look up local restaurants that are open now
what baseball games are scheduled for this week in tulsa
who is the music director of this song
this is of no importance to me.
get me a ticket to boston
pontificate definition
my friend john has sent me a invitation card to his newly bought home say thanks to him in his mail id
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
what is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro
wake me up at four am
let me hear some music
give me a joke
doesn't really matter to me.
is there a sports bar near kansas city plaza area
hows twitter
say again.
is the road a free way or a toll road
what does tacobell stand for
what type of music do i enjoy
start podcasts on nfl
what time does the train arrive in sacremento
would you please once again explain me about your words.
save this channel on pandora please
any important notifications
i would love a less bright up room
Define perpetual
play any song of arijit singh
what was the date when the plum street temple in cincinnati ohio was built
directions to virginia beach va
i want to order food
save my opinion on the currently playing song
cleaning is good dust is so bad do now your magic clean my carpet
please tell me how to do my daughters eighth grade math
please list active alarms
olly please could you cancel.
please turn off the wemo plug socket
anything is ok to me.
power off on
best rap music
call a taxi for me to arrive tonight at five
my mail
which restaurants offer take out food
lights down
make a call to
place an order for two pizzas from dominoes
email friend
play fishing podcasts that are favorited
does peking garden take orders over the phone
how long until my takeaway
is is taco o'clock yet
how far is parana river
how much to buy stock in i. b. m.
two am removed
set a reminder for two days prior of the event
if it is twelve hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time what's the time in the philippines now
make a contrast one
i have ten us dollars how many canadian dollars do i have
play this audiobook
love me some brad paisley
change my light color to blue and please turn off the kitchen light
stock market
i'm sorry.
olly could you please shut off.
how big is russia
can you please disregard the party that i will be going to this weekend on my calendar
did anyone like my photo i just posted
could you please confirm what i just said.
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing
please confirm my last instruction.
what time is it on the west coast
get me new definition
may i know what is trending in twitter
can you call a taxi
i want to hear what you have said again.
email my mother
find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring
who delivers near here
what album is this song on
can you order me some pizza
i am sorry but it's not correct response.
schedule a journey to las vegas by train
don't bother.
i want to hear chopin now
play for me the game temple run
who is this
give me the best pizza deals offered today
play snake with me
i will need my filter coffee in ten minutes please ask the coffee maker accordingly
how is my order
nope, incorrect command.
great work, you did well, olly.
show me the path of nearest railway station
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and inr
please book a taxi for me to go to the railway station
please turn my speakers on google
speak again please.
please inform me of any new status updates
book me a single train ticket travelling to new york city leaving after nine am
pull up outlook i need to send a email
do i need to undertake any particular activity during my stay at the yellowstone national park
could you try what you just said one more again.
if it's sunrise in stockholm what time is it in okinawa
set alarm for nine am
does shibaru sushi deliver
could you shut up.
how many euros are in a dollar
remove milk from my grocery list
what are todays top podcasts
remove this list from the others
start playing fm ninety six point five when it is one pm
olly i like you just cancel.
please find me the pe most recent news on
can you bright the lights please
how do i contact charles
please tell me who is going to win the nba championship
speak louder please
what's going on facebook
show johns office number
show me chinese food near me
please tell me the latest news about politics
play back the last message
make my coffee
would you please elaborate more on your response to me.
what was that one more time.
you did great job, musch appreciated.
low the volume
tune to pandora
add new songs to playlist
elaborate further on what you've just said to me please.
what genre is this song in
tweet at quote unquote
can you really see russia from alaska
how old is clint eastwood
remind me after a month
would like to know the alarm you sent
send email to david davis email address
hoover the hallway
am i busy on Wednesday evening
siri find train tickets to nc
let us start over.
does mr t have a family
erase previous list
what is in a curry
make an alarm for me at five am tomorrow
mute the music
please lower the speaker volume
give me best cooking ideas
show me delivery near me
what time is it in a city
please will you shut up.
remember this email
please dim the lights
see you
get me an uber
describe joe for me please
call me a taxi
play bbc radio
can i get the food to go
when does olive garden close today
set alarm for twelve weeks from today at eight am
let me laugh hearing some good joke
i would not really know, olly.
what are the coordinates of everest
list all events and delete
tell me the song that is currently playing
play current episode
remind me at five pm
please be quiet for another hour
order me chinese food
perfect work, you've done well, olly.
can you please buy me a train ticket
what is google
stop audiobook
unset all alarm which is set
play the next episode of a podcast
unmute the speaker now
lets hear it from fm ninety six point five
order me a byron from deliveroo
set new alarm on five am
doesn't matter, olly.
send mail to mom i am planning vacations with her next week
set the time zone to g. m. t.
hey do i have any emails from bob about the bulldog
what time is alarm set for
what about this joke
what's john's home phone number
yes answer was confirmed.
open davinci code audiobook
you did it exactly.
yes right response.
i want the cheapest train ticket to new york
make an alarm for the meeting with bob at seven today
make the lights off
note current song as awesome please
do i have anything on my to do list
find a train going from prague to brno
what events are scheduled for me to do today
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
i challenge you to a game of tic tac toe
audio
tell me the weather for this week
order a latte from starbucks
my games to play in my phones
give me details of my twitter handle profile including the total number of followers
has it been a busy day
book a taxi to airport for me in the evening
skip
give me a company for playing football
please turn on the lights
open calendar and make an event reminder
hockey
how does a cheetah look
play next episode on podcast
i want you check the last thing i said please.
make the living room light orange
what day of the week does christmas fall on this year
temperature this hour
remove set alarm
i don't mind for any one, olly.
look for train tickets to edinburgh tomorrow
hmm, you've done this all in wrong manner.
what is rock sand
check last thing said please.
what is love
show me share price of tata
company coming over turn on the vacuum cleaner right now
i want to hear this podcast
can i get an order delivered from romero's
remind me about the meeting
make this my favorite
will you please check and confirm detail.
how old is christie brinkley
what did you say in the last conversation.
please continue reading audiobook
tell me some funny joke to laugh
do not really bother.
what going on
tell a joke
can you shut off please.
change lighting colours
can you book a train ticket for me under dollars
i need you to remove item s from my list
play cindi's favorite podcast
robot vacuum the living room now
wake me at daybreak
do i need my tire pressure checked
can you retry please.
i want to hear what i've said again.
thanks for reminding me.
please open a reply to the email
what's the email address of silvia
are you happy today
how many lists do i have
got the answer exactly.
can you find and tell me the prices of facebook stock
play let me love you by ariana grande
what do you think was the best decade
please say it once again.
end pause on audio book history of rome
what events are happening this weekend in my area
do i have any new tweets
what are good movies playing now
set brightness to fifty percent
how to cook spaghetti squash
plan a meeting in office with all employees tomorrow morning at eight
find if takeaway possible in restaurant pizzahouse
turn on this socket
count the number of food items on the list
order a ham and cheese sandwich from subway
what should i watch today
play me the latest podcast about online surveys
that is cool, musch appreciated.
i would like to hear that information spoken again.
s1, can you rephrase me more on the last sentence please.
how do i get to the mall
lower volume by fifty percent
need information about events before shift ends
its cold outside
on the radio it is time for good music
i favorite singer is arijit singh find his voice on radio
yeap excellent response to the command.
takeaway noodles one pack
how do i cook a medium rare steak
convert euros to dollars
where is the nearest atm machine
running train status to vienna
change color of the light to red outside the house
please remove the appointment which i have made with mrjim
please turn on radio on seven am
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
i'd like you cancel it.
search for the best spagetti recipe
on all the button on dashboard
be silent for thirty minutes
It's too dark in here
lower lights in my room
could you please play the fm station which plays pop songs
tell me summary forecast microsoft stock forecast to thirty days ahead
audio on
check on the delivery of my current order
what's on my list
resume audio
olly please could you just cancel.
add new email to contacts
will you retry please.
if it is six am here what time is it in tokyo
goodnight
i need to be cheered up right now can you tell me a good joke
meeting this friday
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
what time is the evening meeting i have with john
tell me when it is five pm
it is of no importance to me, olly.
start cleaner
olly that is enough.
when the birthday will be
when is john's birthday
could you please check and confirm details.
wouldn't know, olly.
show me how to cook a recipe
open temple run game
why did bob dylan earn a nobel peace prize
help me buy a train ticket to denver for next tuesday morning
check out my to do list
house lights blue
can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approximately ten minutes from now
i want to hear that again.
mute volume now
order ribs for dinner
please search for this word
what is the yen us dollar exchange rate
include this item
play what i am by edie brickel
any incoming emails in the last five minutes
will you please put something something@gmail dot com in my contacts
when does iphone stock usually drop
when did i place my order and what was the projected time it would take
turn the lights down a bit
what did you mean by saying it.
rate five
is india win today cricket match
cancel meeting at three
reduce the light power
include this
respond to my bosses email with the word that i will be in at four in the evening
can i see my facebook feed
could you say one more time please.
romantic light setting please
anything would be ok with me.
find tacos near my home
whats the date today
to do list for today please
play for me the music by madonna
please increase the volume to maximum
did you add tomorrow's meeting to my calendar
how long to get downtown
let me know about upcoming events
which are well reviewed movies by emma watson
will you speak one more time again.
find transportation to rome
any alarms currently listed
how much is a train ticket to san fransisco
call the nearest pizza place that offers buffalo pizza
can you tell how many hours of difference are between boston and los angeles
cancel my birthday party
how can i make your day a little better
that was helpful,.
set a timer at five am seven days a week
turn off smart socket
update work out list with new items
book train best deal
play for me hip hop music
give me new york's current time
i want a nerd joke
recommend a movie playing in me area
sorry.
amazing response to the command.
anything unique to do in the city today
uh no, i think incorrect command.
in jaipur traffic level is high
i'd like some red lighting
please thumbs up this song
how many likes did i get today
read the audiobook of war of the roses
tell me what is on my calendar for tomorrow
darken
play for me american idol show
tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
what music is playing now nine hundred and ninety nine fm
what color is the sky
what is the fastest route to town
how many hours distance is between my location and new york
what movie can i watch tonight on the theater here in boston
what's new on facebook
want to play a game of trivia
display nearby places
who's current music's author
post complaint about service a
shall we meet for today's party
start audiobook the time traveller
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
all i ever want to hear is rap
open terry's email
order me some chinese food
have i gotten any new emails
set a thanks giving event for friday
i want to order a pizza from michael's pizza
what is five minus one
are there any tornado warnings today
what open lists do i have
info of rowan atkinson
turn on my plug
how long will it take to get home
did my friend rohit posted something on facebook
i need to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
have a taxi pick me up
where is the hottest desert located
olly could you shut up please.
start spider
tell me one more time again please.
it's useful, thank you so much.
i am sorry but you have messed up with my request.
add a reminder to my calendar every year on this date
check the command.
are there any interesting events around this area
set meeting with joanna on Saturday four pm
do i have a date for tonight
any one will be okay with me, olly.
remember this music
in five sentences let me know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey
use that email address as a contact
how long does it take to get there
turn the kitchen lights off
s2, i didn't catch up with you.
i am sorry but this was not the right command.
i would like to mute the speakers please
i can't see let's make it brighter
jay's phone number
tweet freedom pop customer service i am dissatisfied
latest movie releases
i do not really know, olly.
would you please check and confirm it.
please reduce the speaker volume
hackernews
suggestions for future
set an alarm for me at eight am
how old is mary s.
email my mom
what are some local events
please increase volume
remove tuesday alarm of nine am
does peking garden do orders online
origin of word
explain further.
how many likes does my status from yesterday have
Show geographic location of pyramids
headline news for texas
what movies is out there in the local cinema
wake me up at six thirty
play the next episode of radiolab
would you confirm last thing i said please.
what events are going on around my place
what is the price of starbuck's stock
turn off the nearest light to me
please continue with the next podcast episode
yes fantastic.
Update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
would you check my last command.
tell me when taco bell can deliver my dinner
what is today's current date
find me a ride to the mall of america please
uh what does the current date happen to be
what you have said was not so clear to me.
when is my next appointment and who do i contact to reschedule
what was the weather for the week
that is of no importance for me.
please could you check question.
can you tell me what said once more.
i would like to hear the last you just said again.
show me the newest podcasts
what are my favorite types of music
tell me a joke about chickens
how much time it will take to prepare the order
where was steve jobs born
what's the funniest joke
yeap you've got my instructions correcly.
when is my next appointment with dr smith
play news in fm
are there any meetings set for next wednesday
turn the volume off
well done, thank you so much.
further elaborate me on what you have said please.
turn on the lights that are outdoors
who is singing this song
tell me movies playing in oceanside tonight
name the lists available
cancel all alarms
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
play bbc radio one
send email to new email address
i would like to place a call to amazon customer service
mute the speaker please
i don't think thats right.
can i get delivery from this restaurant
switch lights to dim red
give me the update on traffic at new york
hey turn off the light please
current weather forecast
play my latest podcast
convert the american dollar to the euro
make the light more visible
can you increase the volume of the speakers
this song is my favourite
reset.
please remove the alarm set for wednesday called kickball
s2, i am unclear about your words.
please help serve me coffee with a no sugar
please order one train ticket to los angeles
create a list for the following
what is apple's stock price
make me a coffee
who is the artist of the song playing now
turn on repeat
play from my last session of joes book
make sure there is no events on my calendar
i like justin beibers music please play it
could you please cancel my train ticket
set wake up Thursday seven am
let me know when you hear about france
lower lights now
define organism
what will be the time now in washington
what time does the train leave philadelphia
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
what is the difference between the rate of the american dollar and the pound
tell me about economy and gdp about india versus china
when was this song first recorded
tune into the nearest english fm station
can you create a new list in the playlist
add eggs to list
oh no, you did not get what i was searching for.
play the audiobook swan from first
how long will it take me to get to park avenue considering current traffic
can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week
please provide current time in india
answer email
when was Dolly parton born
when is the doctor's appointment
play the program where i left off yesterday
remind me of my appointment on the fifteenth
turn the lights blue
tell company their service is bad
i like this song
find me train tickets
s1, again explain to me please.
i want you to turn off the plug socket before the cellphone is charged
i don't quite catch that.
can i have my list
which stock markets have lowered in the past three hours
have i received any emails about jared's birthday
play the most current episode of levin
book a cab which have cheapest price
what's thirteen plus fourteen
what alarms did i set today
convert one us dollar to british pound
give me the names of my lists
stock price for sprint
how about playing a game of guess the word i'm thinking of
i am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
start play road rash
show me train tickets
s1, would you please further clarify me on your answers.
how strong is the dollar compared to the peso
get rid of my wake up alarm set for saturday
what is the definition of session
can you please further explain me about that.
play newest reason podcast
what is the weather for this week
please book a train ticket from london to manchester
please update me on my social media accounts
make me coffee now
that's nice one, thanks.
please open my contact list
start up the coffee machine
if switch is on then turn on else turn off
more light please
erase next calendar event
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
i want you just cancel it.
is this song ed sheeran
restaurant delivery update
what is apple's stock
do i have a doctors appointment today
will they deliver to me
tell me once more.
i like you to confirm the details please.
i need a train ticket to denver
yes amazing response.
please order take from jason's deli
i need to add a new email to my contacts
tell me the area code for jen k
post this pic to facebook
send a tweet to amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
book my first class ac train ticket from new york to san francisco
i think you've done this all in wrong manner.
turn on the tunes
can you tell me some fun things to do in kentucky
anything is okay with me.
do you want to play
what is there to do in new york city
add email to contacts
please shut off
can you check and confirm my last command please.
where can i get a shot of tequila and some to go mexican food
i want to listen to electric slide
order a takeaway
i need oranges added to my grocery list
please explain me more on what you said.
didn't understand your answers.
turn the volume down
dea guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
give me the stock price of apple
that's all, just stop.
please turn off all the lights in my house
Play my favorite game by name naughty dog
what's the weather this week
remove night night playlist
pick up we left off on battle royale
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
will you send the email to greg
switch off the power
good night lights off
give me a recipe for lasagne
how many sides are on a pentagon
change that off the list
latest news
what can i substitute butter with
could you please check and confirm last thing i said.
currency to currency rate
what's the closing price of abc
play radio station
can cats eat fish
did dan send me any emails
make my lights blue
i want the speakers turned up high
locate local pizza shops
how many g. b. p. can i get for one dollar
how congested is the traffic on my way to work
lower the volume on the speakers
how to make cheesecake
play the song for me
i don't care, olly.
send a tweet about sonys volume issues
how is jennifer garner's career doing
read available lists
take item off list
please be silent
open email
where can i order pizza for delivery
is there takeaway at papa john's
has my stock increased in value
what was the name of my last email
i want exact time in washington right now
what is the capital of new hampshire
format the calendar
show me some vegan restaurants close by
switch on the wemo plug
can i have cup of coffee
lower your volume please
book me a train ticket to newcastle
put dark colours instead of light ones in the house
why do people use avocado seeds
i'm in a meeting please do not speak
repeat the last song again
volume louder please
what is the time difference between india and ivory coast
light color change
what is scheduled on my calendar today
turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
you have done it correcly.
give information about the traffic near my location please
hey play my favourite podcast from list
can you make the lights go out
cancel alarm for tomorrow
broadcast the health show from the kitchen
set alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
euro to u. s. d.
sum of five and two
adjust the lights to a lower setting please
what do i have to do today
remind me to meet with steve at one pm tomorrow
what is the phone number for the nearest location of church's chicken
tell me the names on the list
what is the traffic situation at the bazaar highway
play my usher radio station
i would like to listen to this mornings mike and mike podcast
report alarm settings
what is the list type
where is the event today
please turn off the porch light
what groups are listed in my contacts
yeap you've understood my instructions perfectly.
will you turn the alarm off for me
please explain me more on what you've just said.
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
what is mom's email address
play podcast one
whats up with my takeaway
next one please
cnn world news
can you turn my bedroom lights off
list current set alarms
please check last thing said.
notify me when the event is going to take place
play the jungle book
can you put on the giver
who is the singer of this song right now
change the opacity of the color
delete the monthly recurring team meeting till june
remind me about tomorrow meeting at ten am
reply the email of charles with just thank you right now
lower lights
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
open a new list for me
does restaurant royale deliver takeaway
what is the definition of forensic
i have a complaint
what notifications do i have in social media
is michael's a takeaway or delivery restaurant
this is one of the best songs for me
set a notification on third march about company meeting
i want to play solitare with you
start from last time on my audio book
tell me again please.
open fishdom game
could you just cancel.
please play me a song from my favourite list
that's useful, thank you so much, olly.
set a reminder i need to wake up at five am every morning
switch on radio mango
cancel the alarm that is set for tomorrow at eight am
will you check and confirm instruction.
turn on wemo plug in game room
create a list of books to be ordered
play game with me
can you please make me a cup of black coffee
weather forecast for this week
activate the radio please
olly please can you cancel.
olly can you stop it.
show me today train time of kalka at jodhpur
call yellow cab
turn off my room lights
add this song to favorites playlist
play stuff you should know
could you tell me about the alerts i have set
hey do you know any jokes
skip forward
set notification from world news
describe rock sand
what did kim kardashian wear to london fashion week
tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
instagram
give me my social media update
book for me a train ticket to california
save to contacts
how time is it
turn off the garage light
raise the volume to fifty
turn the volume up
i want to drink the coffee that you made
what does my facebook feed look like
how will be the weather at night
lets listen to hunt for read october
i can't see turn up the lights
play audiobook where we left off
find out if kfc delivers please
repeat this list in random order
let's play never have i ever
when does the closest bar close
i would like you stop.
what is the answer to one times two
what's the best chicken place near me
you've got your understanding correcly.
set music system to mute
add lunch appointment with lisa to january second at twelve thirty pm
it is unimportant.
where is the closest uber
what shops are round here
any one is okay to me.
change alarm to start at midnight
tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
how to get somewhere
set my calendar for an alarm at five pm tuesday
i want to dance to the tune of raghu dixit
turn sound off
solution for eighty one divided by nine
you are hero, thank you very much.
tell me the name of my lists
how do you make cookies
start the podcast i was last listening to
play for me the game harry potter and the chamber of secrets
remove soccer list from notes
that is good.
call me a taxi to the airport at five am
i like you stop.
how long i can go to dundee
play solitaire with me
event remove
is anything different today about blank
find list and remove apple
add cereal to my shopping list
tell me the contact details of my brother
what is the definition of inchoate
what is hurricane
search cost for amtrak luxury to los angeles
move the volume up a little
what is the highest rated movie now out
was there any articles on shark attacks on snapchat yesterday
great song for the commute
any one will be ok with me, olly.
i need the arrival time for new york train
get me a train ticket from mumbai to goa
i really enjoy this song
change light color
add sarah as email contact
does this place do takeaway
bring up all the runner lights
i want to hear this week's midweek motorsport
take off this list
that's all, just cancel it.
hey what's a book
i don't get this.
how is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas today
the current news
amazing job, you have done well.
save the information which is provided by aman on this song
is there any traffic downtown right now
is it a soft evening tonight
i want to play a trivia game
where i can find a bakery
please let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
schedule meeting with laura
are there any new emails from name
lights off bathroom
is there anything happening nearby
please check my facebook account
let's play checkers
what time is it in mountain time zone
tell me the soup of the day at panera bread restaurant
toggle wemo plug socket on
grubhub order
please choose a game that you can play with me
send an email to adele
delete the scheduled meeting on fourth october twelve pm
hello beef up the volume a little bit
Please turn off shuffle setting
save this music to my favorites
find recent events of the celebrity
make a meeting with friend
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
make coffee at eight am
give me the average five year stock price of home depot
what will the weather be like this week
increase light brightness
what is two times two
will you please turn the lights off
how many likes does my last instagram photo have
what is today's day
events in city
mario
add bruno mars to my favorites
turn off the room lights
i want to listen some music play a radio station
today was a hard day
please increase the volume
start the smart plug
please save that song
hey make the house lights a different color
get me some radio music from kamp fm
mute speakers
what song is this
can you put this on facebook
please would you replay your last phrase said.
please give me details of allen from my contact
i am sorry but you did not interpret command right.
start a new list
what happened to my pizza order it has been an hour since i ordered
what alarms have been set for me
raise the volume of the current music
create packing checklist
please check the command.
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and inr
speak as loud as you can
can you feel
you rock, i appreciate it.
can you tell me the phone number of me
wake me at seven am
you've understood my instructions exactly.
from which movie is the song
how many hook ups had richard feynman
what are the chances of the stock market closing below the two hundred moving average in the next fourteen days
find me the best knock knock joke on the internet
have remainder of the program to listen
please do not respond
please delete all meetings of today after seven pm
olly that will be all.
s1, rephrase me more on it.
please lower the lights
post to twitter got a hectic day ahead
play the scarlet letter
hotel california is sung by whom
please remove apples from my grocery list
how is the news in ireland
complain to philips
how about a nice game of chess
is it noon in paris
visit metronorth dot com to help me purchase train tickets
should i wear a hat today
what time do i work tomorrow
thank you, olly.
please note on song title good tune
start my robot vacuum cleaner
play it after five minutes
i am sorry but that is not the right answer.
that doesn't matter to me, olly.
what's the alarm situation for tomorrow
is swat a good movie
i appreciate it, that's amazing.
thanks but i think you have messed up my request.
eight am manila time is what in eastern time
please turn the lights off
i would not mind for any one, olly.
calendar event send invite bill malinda
describe to me what a ball looks like
please let me know the alarm kept for tuesday's meeting
if it's ten pm in california what time is it in alabama
please check whether the email of jancy has come
i want the robot vacuum cleaner to start at one pm today
turn off bedroom lights in ten seconds
check my twitter account
find easy recipe for corn bread
light green
what is the weather forecast for chicago
what alarms are on right now
where was marlon brando born
add spent five dollars in my expenses list
exchange rate between dollar and mexican peso
what is three hundred and four plus one
can i take food home here
what genre of music is in my music folder
i want to hear a funny joke
check the dish price and all
tweet a complaint
what do i have next to do
let's play a game of truth or dare
i need to know if mr pizza delivers
explain photosynthesis
off all type of active devices
social info
remind me to have launch with boss today at one pm
whats the time now
light up the lights in the kitchen
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
please would you reset.
please book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
what's on my todo list
get rid of the wednesday list
tell me who will win the next presidential election
add new item
play anything new from my podcast subscriptions
anything would be good with me, olly.
what are the scores from last night's hockey games
i'd like you just cancel.
let's play chess
wake me up at ten
sound off
just let me know the population of india
please make some coffee for me
i need to mute the speaker
what is happening now
a joke please
make me a cup of coffee please
what's the answer to one plus one
how hot are summers in gibraltar
turn off lights
give me the name of all the shops in my area
oh it is nice one, olly.
will you please get the coffee machine to make some coffee
please will you check my last instruction.
fantastic work, you've done well.
hmm, i think not correct.
change light color to blue
play this podcast
add john@gmail dot com to contacts
great job, you have done well.
can you make me some coffee
what is the stock price for lexmark
what are the show times for logan at the nearby theatre
will the fast food shop at the corner open today
power down the plug socket one
name the artist who sang hotel california
please can you confirm the command.
lower all volume on speakers please
read out the list
lower lights please
hey olly turn up the lights a little
tweet verizon customer service
fresh list
update me on the standing rock protest
tell me the weather for new york city
how do i change the color of the lights
define session
i need a train ticket to
what are the events taking place in new york today
oh it's nice one.
lets play pinball
what is the time difference between central and eastern
louder volume please
i would not mind to select any one.
check emails for unread emails from mom
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
see see for me the alarms that you have set tomorrow morning
could you please check and confirm my last command.
train times location
let's play tic tac toe
tell me what's trending on twitter
please rephrase me more on what you said now.
rock
please start the next podcast episode
switch light to lowest level in dining area
give me some funny facebook posts
turn all lights off during the day
check emails for last hour
can you make it a little quieter
i need an alarm set for five hundred and thirty am tomorrow
Hey turn the volume high
what am i listening to
yeah fantastic response to command.
further explain.
olly will you shut off.
Silence speakers
move buying eggs item to trash from to do list
will you stop.
podcast next episode
olly that's all, stop it.
can you give me details on john
start my playlist on i heart radio
jump to the next podcast
start up bejeweled
train times to new york
what is the financial capital of canada
yeap perfect.
tell me current time
fb stocks
what kind of music am i into
search for any upcoming book fairs during next week in washington dc
where is the best mechanic in eagle point
play yesterday's hot ninety seven morning show
i want to listen to one oh one point one the whiz
anything would be okay with me.
show me the recipe for cookies
just let me know the current date today
please add dinner with mary to my calendar on saturday
tell me jokes
launch game
i need to hear what you've said again.
i don't really mind to select any one.
can you empty my calendar
what's on tv
make list
i need to submit a complaint
its peaceful
what is the time at singapore when our time is five pm
don't really bother.
where should i go eat tonight
move to next section
answer is confirmed.
i think this is not correct command.
you have got the answer exactly.
can you tell me what alarms i have set
what day of the week does the twenty second fall on this month
i like soft rock music
lower the overhead lights
change house light colors to blue
i need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
please open go fish game and play it with me
how do i book a train ticket online
set the volume higher
book me an uber please
is there anything happening in town this weekend
you rock, thank you very much, olly.
send me the last list uploaded
that's great one, thanks.
check the details please.
answer this mathematical question
what is recipe
make it brighter in here please
do i need to spare washing my car today
start audiobook again
what date is the third friday of this month
i didn't get your response.
can you see if john has replied to my email yet
please make the lights blue
what is the date for next tuesday
you are chatbot
is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
just set me reminders about pending payment of children school fees
what is the current date today
send a complaint to my boss
when is the school dance junction marked
who sang the song that is currently playing
display trains going to antwerp after two pm saturday
play fmod
get rid of mike stein from contacts list
show me nearby musical events
can i get takeaway from arby's
set alarm to begin
enable wemo
can you turn my bathroom lights off
how much does general tsos chicken cost at peking garden
what home alarms have been set
do we add rosemary in pasta
play the book which i heard on some particular day
if it's five am in berlin what time is it here
is there any new news on trump
could you speak once more please.
can you define conservative politics
this is a tweet for comcast if i have my internet and phone service from you and it goes out how can i contact you
does dominos deliver
turn the lights on brighter
change the lighting to blue
you've got the answer perfectly.
don't let me forget i have a parent teacher conference this monday at four hundred pm
if my vacuum cleaner is not activated please activate it
will you please play a podcast
book train ticket for this time
how is the weather likely to be this week
on third april we will go to watch j llb movie set it
what is open late in la
new list please
are there any construction areas on harvard
get me up in half an hour
turn lights off
how much is ten euros in dollars
it's helpful, appreciated.
what is hair made up of
please remove item a from my list
define alarm
enter atdfd@yahoo dot com into my contact list
are there any grocery stores nearby
i want the light in the kitchen powered off
what's my next scheduled alarm
start play spider
whatever the next event is in the calendar delete it
whats a silly joke you know
turn on when plugged in else turn off
has amy sent me any new emails
can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow
how would you describe the internet
yeap.
show me the information of friend
please remove this alarm
play little women
please play workout playlist
is the traffic free in some particular road
how long to get to work
remove a list of employees
will you please turn off the smart plug
please open snooker game i would like to play with you
open jazz
the song makes me remember certain memories
what time will a movie be shown tomorrow
more bright
what is the stock price of nike today
what do i have on my shopping list
read me the front page of the new york times
what movie do you recommend tonight
turn off the lights in the bedroom
play new rihanna song
i need to get a ticket via train to orlando from hwood
what is the difference between bake and broil
please play the early franks sinatra stuff i have
book me a cab going to location
i don't understand this question but what's it like in there
can you add up thirteen plus five plus nine for me
give the stock price details of motorolla
call golden taxi to pick me up at seven pm today
what time is my domino's order expected to arrive
let's play a game how about tic tac toe
is summer going on
i'd like you to turn turn on the tv
turn the smart plug on
my new work schedule list
find my food
start email for address not in contacts
please start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
is there valet service at the event
i would like to hear some rap music
what is the list about my favorite songs
what are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox
want to have vibrant colours
show me my events
you've done it right thanks.
turn off light in bedroom
when is sunset
i did not ask for that.
give me the definition of the word fondle
brighten the lights a little bit
what's going on
what restaurants are open near me
what's going on in new york
what's jesse's birthday
complain to mcdonalds twitter about my burger
play this game with me
show me events in sacramento
set rotating event
please open chess game i would like to play with you
how much is fifty us dollars with in china
i like senatra songs
please check my last question.
uber please
brighten the lights in living room
set alarm for eight am
when does the super bowl officially start
change the lights to my favorite color
use facebook to post
s1, can you please explain more on what you've said to me.
do i have any alarms set
make me laugh
keep me up to date on the election news
are there any alarms set right now
send an email to my boss
find new email
yeah fantastic.
disable my okug
what's my to do list for today
tell me how to cook meatballs
what's the temperature
down the volume
add alarm
place order to pizza takeout for seven pm
check any mail from amazon
cancel the breakfast at tiffany's house
the joke of the day
does not matter.
order a smoked meat platter from beanos
color change of lights
turns my son's room lights off
check my twitter notification
i think you did not get this right.
how do i deglaze a pan
what are new drama movies opening this weekend
turn off lights in bathroom
let's play space invaders
would you please check my last command.
is it raining now
music change
what does obsessed mean
look up the definition to ambulance
what time have you set the alarm
what is two hundred divided by thirteen
do i have a work number for susan
switch on light
add song to running list
amazon stock price
is trump tweeting today
what on my calendar
can you delete the not so important events
is there heavy traffic on the I fifteen in las vegas right now
please rate current song as five stars
when is jacob's birthday
olly will you cancel it.
please check episode number thirty nine
i have to done it on the post important music file
how does it feel outside
what were the first number of email subjects i got today
speak softer please
go to the podcast and play the next episode in friends
put on the god of small things
i want to play a game with you
tune into my selected station
email co worker about work project
activate a one week notification before my anniversary please
calculate the travel time if i go to orlando by train
switch off wemo
play hoizer radio station from my pandora app
go to email and send message to
remove sample meeting from calendar app
can you turn off one of my lights in my bathroom
stop the audio
that was nice one.
remove that from my list
play song aces high
hows many more reminders are left
yes answer was amazing.
what are the lyrics to the song i will always love you by Dolly parton
reduce the lights
i wouldn't bother, olly.
play most recent podcast upload
i want hot coffee
i need to buy a train ticket
please slow down volume of speaker
i bought pre season baseball tickets
please let me know the what raj's status update in facebook
vacuum cleaner start
what is happening in delhi today
show local events
i like top forty music
route to melbourne
Show me a traffic map from kamycka to dejvicka
add a new email
make the speaker volume on maximum
what is the best tasting cut of beef
give me low lighting in the kitchen
mute enabled until i say so
today i had a record breaking sale
can you set an alarm for me
remove the list please
tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
change the light color to blue
could you please shut up.
who's emailed me recently
show me the weather forecast for the next three three days
brew coffee
what day is the meeting on
olly just stop.
tweet consumer service that the quantity is wrong
book me an uber
what's happening in the news
what is job title of jan medvesek
switch off the plug socket
facebook current stock rate
set an alarm for one hour from now
play old
the song you are playing is amazing
let's try what you have said again.
can you pull up the latest time so i won't be late for my appointment
who is the song writer
shift the balcony light to off
i would like to listen to this programme on radio
initiate the music on the electronic playlist
what's the meaning of rumplestiltskin
please turn off wemo socket
tune into ninety nine point five fm
what is the time train coming from sacramento
what is twelve plus one hundred and ninety six
do i have a busy day today
Song next please
please tell me a shop where i can find books to buy
can you remind my next meeting with my boss one hour before it will happen
it's good one, appreciated.
start creating a new list
would not really mind.
repeat what i've just said please.
olly please can you shut up.
uh no, i think you have done task in wrong manner.
latest event in new york city
find me the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
what is i. b. m.'s stock worth
tell me about the meetings over a period of time
can you adjust the lighting for me to be brighter
did anyone message me on facebook
please tell me a joke that i'll think is funny
i want the news about academy awards
and the pound is doing how badly against the euro
open parcheese game for you and i
that song was awesome can you repeat
find me the name of the artist of this music
i would like to start a new list
olly i want you just stop it.
i don't really mind for anything.
any one would be fine for me.
i want to know what song has the phrase stairway to heaven in it
what movie is this song from
complaint to dept for food quality
please continue playing odd thomas by dean koontz
compose a new email but i got a new address this time brandon at example dot com
remove seven am alarm
please check my playlists for jazz music
suggest movies and songs that i would like but that aren't necessarily like ones i've already said i like
put my brother's birthday in my calendar for july fourth
remove all alarms
play the circle
what are all the lists i have available
that is of no importance for me, olly.
uhh no, incorrect command.
whats happening in football today
oops, you're wrong.
make all the lights in the house orange
initiate polling for new email
delete my dr k appointment in march
ask peking garden when my food will arrive
add that song to my top ten favorites list
mute sound
please submit status to facebook
what song is playing now
give me all ice cream shops within two miles
play lady now
give me the time
check in a taxi for booking
ten past seven
what is the google stock at
does fridays do takeaway
i want to order some takeaway food
show me concerts in sacramento
what music service has some soul music i can listen to
Set a alarm for the day
how do i steam rice
i no longer need the daily five pm alarm
s1, could you please clarify me about what you've just said once again.
resume last playlist
convert new york time to london
do not make any noise until morning alarm
let's play a game
Check outlook
what alarms are coming up
give me the train time
please cancel all alarms for tomorrow
speakers off
what's going around in the world these days
yeap you have gotten the command perfectly.
do you want to play monopoly with me
take bread out from the shopping list
turn off plug
delete my shopping list
bed room two lights off
i would like a cup of coffee
remove the item from list
that's good one, olly.
i like you confirm my last command please.
where is stonehenge
new alarm for six am
change my plan erase my next event
respond to all that i am on my way
can you take five and divide it by three
delete my meeting for one pm on march nineteenth
what restaurants around here have good reviews
tell me a joke about dogs
how effective will be to buy nike stock
please start the radio
i want to book a train ticket
olly would you please shut off.
turn all the lights off
can you sync my calendar with mark
play the serial podcast
are there any fun things to do in seattle this weekend
are there any unread messages in my inbox
info on lisa ann please
what is the best movie to watch with a glass of wine
how heavy is traffic now in denver
i want blue lighting
what movies are playing at theatres near me
let us play millionaires
co play game monopoly
anything would be fine with me.
do we have thirty first day on this month
turn up speakers
what movies are playing this week
go to the next episode in this podcast
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
play the radio for me
what's on the grocery list
id like to get on the next train that will be departing indianapolis headed to chicago
put wash the car to my to do list
add item
is the last order is ready
what do i need to complete first from the list
tell me a nice chinese restaurant
switch on the radio and play hello fm station
get news about new foreign policy
play am
would not mind for any one.
it is five forty five am in liverpool what time is now new york
please send a complaint about my horrible experience with a company
travel book a train ticket
let's play a game of chess
tell me what's on my shopping list
i do not know, olly.
convert time zone to ist
raise the brightness of the lights
turn off the lights
hi please remind the next meeting with my boss it will be at eleven am next monday
dim the bedroom lights to half
save new email addresses to my contacts
turn on my pandora radio
will you rephrase this again to me please.
raise the light
which currency is greater the us dollar or yen
loudly
yes correct response.
play the seventh episode of the morning after
turn up the speakers
can you create a new list
turn down lights
what are i. b. m.'s stock prices
what is frieda's home address
when was born abraham lincoln
i had a relaxing day today
please add contact email johndoe@yahoo dot com to john doe's contact information
please find today's stock prices for samsung company
create a repeating event on mondays at seven pm
from dollar to euro
please turn on my coffee pot
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
the wemo plug should be turned off on
replay please.
can you find animal crossing
please turn up the volume to twenty one
shut off the lights in the bedroom
make a coffee
please turn off kitchen light for me
order a train ticket to boston
turn the living room lights to one percent
make the lights pink
s1, would you elaborate further on your answer to me please.
will the pizza be here soon
play jingle bells next
i think you are wrong.
let's play space invaders together
i'd like a cappuccino please
what's the exchange rate between the us dollar and the euro
turn on silent mode until my alarm goes off
what's the current exchange rate for the euro against u. s. d.
time between us and canada
call pf chang's to order me egg foo young
how far is france from miami
please remove the the alarm which i set
find john smith from alabama
delete the last line
increase lights please
what takeout places are near me
please play next episode of bbc history podcast
nine hundred and ninety nine fm is currently playing what music
catcha a ride
tell me the latest news from bbc sports
add this email to my address book
what chinese restaurants are in my area
can you please turn on npr where i am
resume animal farm
open irctc application and go to book ticket
whatever.
it's amazing.
buy a train ticket from lakeland florida to new york
tell me what's going on snap chat
play purple haze
increase the bright of the light
yeah wonderful response.
play radio
how many three are available in twenty seven
alert me at three pm to goto the concert
can you please turn up the lights
can i make back home without a traffic jam
open minestart game from previous played level
could you tell me once again please.
what things can't you do
would you once again clarify me about your response please.
whats on my list for the time being
dammit, it isn't what i asked.
this was not correct command.
have no idea regarding to what to do.
it is dark
instructions to make a meal
its very tough one
can i order take out from licari's
tell me all events for today in my city
what is the current traffic in washington town
are there any events on my calendar for this week
what day is this event scheduled for
search for two tickets on tuesday's train to paris
how is the traffic today
is there anything new in my email folder
hey please provide information about events by the end of the day
is there takeaway at donut junction
book a train ticket to boston tomorrow
hey play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
olly please could you shut down.
how is it outside today
search for local shops
take me to the most popular post
raise the lamp's light
tag you're it
yeap it was correct.
tell me about activities in my area this weekend
email my sister about mom's birthday jane we should think about arranging the party at the park
are there are any delays on my commute
brighten living room lights
is there any traffic to work
what bands are playing in town this weekend
give me some dim light
i would like to know the route the train will go to get to miami
i want a lower light
repeat birthday
what is on my shopping list today
what are the top stories on cnn
reply email
make the lights blue please
can you send an email for me to a new email address
what time does thor start
reset please.
what is this event is called which happening my area
what will the weather be like on saturday
play mindsweeper with me
activate robot vacuum
please alert me to the time
list the latest apple stock prices
change light whenever i find myself in my house
i want to listen arijit singh song once again
first week of march meetings
i need an alarm
ticket for delhi
get recipe for making a hotdog
what is derek's phone number
set up each day an alarm at ten time for my meal
i no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
i need to hear sound on my speakers
local theater screening which movie
please turn off the light
what is the current time in delhi
how many cups of sugar in texas sheet cake frosting
volume down
what day of the week does the fifteenth of march fall on
video games
let us try it one more again please.
please repeat the last sentence from that book
is the balloon festival this weekend
google stock symbol
i want to hear this radio station now
show me what day the thirty first is on
remind me to pay the electricity bill on this weekend at nine am
place a takeaway order for a cheeseburger and fries from burger king
send a request to martin
hey olly mute the speakers
is my order at domino's ready
order a large pepperoni pizza from dominos to go
can you pause and rewind the audio then resume
dammit, this isn't what i just said.
please play help
turn up the lights in here please
please can you check that.
find me a train ticket next monday to new york city
show me where i can find a hamburger
whats the best place to eat near here
the command is not correct.
please increase the volume of the current song
resume the two towers audiobook
start angry bird
please let me know the time of train northern rail
erase shopping list
turn on kitchen light
wonderful response to command.
Speak louder please
what is the answer to two times three
life
what is the current date time group
switch the lights to blue
play audiobook snow white
i am going to chinatown in half an hour book an uber for me
how are my stocks doing today
delete the alarm i just set
would you do it again please.
could you please confirm if leonardo is married
add new email to anna
pull up the headlines please
current currency rate
call the nearest thai restaurant with delivery
please turn on my door lock
turn on the tv socket when i arrive home
what is my schedule for tomorrow morning
shutoff light in the kitchen
my events
find a shop that sells beer
add this song to my playlist
that's enough, stop it.
can you turn it up a little
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for twenty third march
socket off
play for me the game candy crush
play billybob show on bbc radio four
reduce the intensity of lights
what are john's contact details
i want to know the latest local news of the city
is the alarm set for tomorrow morning
what's the most popular curry place in town
celebrities
wake me up at this time
what is the headline from today's morning local news
markets near by
a new list to be created by tomorrow
take me to the huffington post website
i want to finish listening to the book one thousand nine hundred and eighty four from where i left off
add erosser@hotmail dot com as a new contact for emily rosser
list the current price of microsoft shares
please give me the time
make coffee at six am
how many cups in a quart
make my collection mostly pop with a good bit of psychedelia
i would like it if my robot could engage in deep conversation with me
hi google play me playlist wacky in my gaana application
set the alarm for nine am on weekends
i am not so clear about your answers.
fantastic job, you did well, olly.
is bills house number in my contacts
off the plug
call mom
i could not quite catch up with you.
what is the average speed on main highway
show me all of my active alarms
what temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
is anyone likes my latest photo
customer service from microsoft never called me back
is starbucks stock up or down from last quarter
tweet terrible service
please delete the last song that played from the playlist
i want to know what supermarket near me has the best price on gluten free bread
check all cab companies and get a time booked for three pm
yeah please.
please check if i got any emails from mom
activate coffee machine
please find the radio station currently playing howard stern
what is the exchange rate of u. s. d. to cdn
pleas reply to the mail of allen
play my favorite station
will you try what i have just said one more time please.
i'd like a train ticket to this location
i would have avoided the traffic if i went early
what movies are playing at carmike cinemas
can you do me a favor my eyes are feeling strained on these lights can you please change it to a cooler tone
silence please
send email to cat that i will accept job offer
weather forecast please
let's play canasta
olly i would like you just cancel it.
call a car for me
customer service complaint
i need you to have the volume louder
show me emails from my friends
open email for unread mails
lower the volume to twenty
repeat song number ten from main list
who sings the song about a long black train
please tweet about the problem i m facing with the product of company
turn my lights to some random color
could you harvest the crops in farmvile
run indian folk song
wait, this is not the right command.
when is stassi schroedder's birthday
i do not really care, olly.
i want you to go to hot one hundred and five on the radio
show me all the emails received recently
what trending on twitter
can it takeaway from ammi biryani
puzzles and games app
hey i want to send an email to my friend
save chhana mereya song in my playlist
find jhonny's address
cancel everything on my calendar
please make a coffee for me
let me know the time
what defines a triangle
book an outstation cab for tomorrow
is my friend rohit online on facebook
convert current time from g. m. t. to est
light off
play latest reason podcast
can you please book train tickets for two for this friday
hurriedly activates my robot vacuum cleaner
how many calories did i burn between three and five today
the list should not contain all food items with the prefix dry
can you check to see if i have any recent email alerts
check by inbox for me
i would like orange lights now
find twitter handle of tom cruise
anything new on insta
any one will be good to me.
please check on the rock concerts scheduled this weekend
disable wemo socket
make the volume to zero
initiate celine dion music
how many alarms do i have set for morning hours between six and nine am
increase the volume
can you order me some buffalo chicken pizza
what's the closest taxi to me
hey ms the email address of john miller
check for this mail in my contact if not then add it
do i have any emails from jessica
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and indian rupee
what can you do
pause the audiobook
yeap you've understood the answer right.
funny joke
how do i get the answer to two plus two
what are the prices to get to chicago on a train book the cheapest one
reply to the mail with the following content hello you
send a birthday email to my boss
turn socket off
is there a takeaway in chipotle restaurant
set alarm at two am
tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today
i need a break start it after five minutes
please turn on my music
add event book club debbie's house wednesday night
time to workout
is one divisible by three
sorry but that is not the right answer.
can i get a train ticket to
add a new email address which is
what is the weather in utah
can you turn off my desk lamp
play music for me
what alarm time had you set
add rice on the list
what is the current song called
make us a brew
yeap strongly agreed.
olly will you stop.
i need to book a train for tomorrow to go to new york
reply to erins email by saying i will be on time
what kind of musical events are happening around here this week
send an email to john that i am on my way to home
raise the volume of the speakers
how high is the quality of this stone
yeah exact response to the command.
alarm settings
find john smith in contacts
what's happening in my town
please update me the traffic status
what is new in politics today can you filter out trump news though
what does triumph mean
can you please make a coffee
delete all meetings for tomorrow
set an alarm for two hours from now please
show me the time in new york city
start podcast mlb daily
show me the dim colour
how many tablespoons are there in a cup
show stock value of goog
please order my favorite dish from my favorite restaurant
check my last post on instagram
book a rental cab of uber
really would not mind.
tell chris i will be late through email
send a tweet to esurance to say i hate you
can you start the vacuum
turn off the six am alarm for Wednesday
remove twenty fourth march meeting from schedule
what size is a sperm whale
s2, do not get your answer.
what alarms do i have
by main power off
please remove any alarms that i have set
olly please just stop.
how deep is the deepest point of the grand canyon
how many rupies are in a dollar
please read out all the alarms that are set
set mute mode for one hour
s1, rephrase me further on it please.
tell me about the presidential race
what is happening to my order
tweet my complaint to @nsa
i want to order some chinese food tonight what's delivering to me
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
evaporated
now i need to write an email to my colleague
find my wife
that's cool,, olly.
please set my coffee machine to start at four pm time
please make sure your command was correct because it doesn't sound right.
who is the president of america
can you just cancel it.
the meaning of life
show me the date of today
try it one more time please.
need a hot coffee
if i have five dollars how many rupies is that
put the lights off now
what's the definition of diverse
please program volume settings for sixteen when i'm in the room at fourteen for when i've gone to bed
how old is joanne
hmm, not correct response.
i'd like an espresso
it's really loud can you please turn the music down
order spaghetti from spaghetti warehouse to bring home
please turn on repeat all
what is the current weather conditions in chicago illinois
save settings
brighten the light at seventy percent
i like jazz you should know
increase volume by one
what about the new york city traffic
delete all of my appointments with dr smith this week
turn off the bedroom lamp
i would like you check detail please.
i like you confirm last thing said please.
please will you shut off.
start my most recently played podcast
what does pro bono mean
what is the population of florida
when was the song playing now released
what is the correct time
order two hamburgers for me
what is the departure time for the next train leaving new york city
that is all.
set a reminder for fifteen minutes to change laundry loads
get me the latest news in new york
set my coffee machine
yeap that's correct.
i am sorry but i think you have messed up with my request.
what a wonderful song can you save what i just said for me
start my audio book from where i left off
please go to settings of the music player and make the equalizer in the flat sound mode
show number and contact email of rehan
keep reading
lower the brightness
when is the train coming
when is my doctor's appointment
who has covered this song
remove all upcoming events please
what is going on around here
the answer is confirmed.
enter this to a list
turn volume up to highest level
deadpool
where should i go this weekend
can you create new list for me
i need to know what is the date today
you are helpful, thanks.
please mute yourself
i've got dollars for the month how much can i spend every day this month
can you get me a cup of coffee please
i haven't checked my facebook yet are there any updates from my close friends
create a blank list
train ticket
i need to order some food from papa john's
what's happening around town
add this to a list
is logan a good movie to watch
can you please order me some mcdonalds
tell me what is next on my query
email mom and ask how the weather is there
how much time is a train to there
start the robot roomba
open pandora app
play station gx in the radio
how do i dial sarah
description of iphone seven
can you explain me the problems when the syria becomes more stronger than america
book and pay for a train ticket to denver for saturday
will i need an umbrella tomorrow
show me what i can do with fitness
would you shut up please.
complain about walmart service
would not care.
you have to check out kfi he's the best
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party
add email to existing contact
turn off the smart plug
how much is amazon stock
can you shuffle the light colors in the house
start a list of dog names
make me coffee
can you find an animal joke for me
please play songs i've purchased and favorited
what's the value of the euro relative to nzd
what is an alternative to flour
give me the number to mom
off the speakers
bring up lights
what is happening in the world today
what is the square of 4
play radio one
mute audio
olly schedule a news update for tomorrow morning at seven am
what events are happening in los angeles
set lights to full power
book me a train ticket for this afternoon to chicago
will you further elaborate me on it please.
what is the weather next week
remove my wake up alarm
tweet bad day at starbucks
call me a cab to the train station
hi olly please cancel all the programs for friday
i want the smart socket off now
remove emma's birthday from events
how to make sausage
hey whatsapp
be my clock
if it is four pm in missouri what time is it in london
raise lights
search and play a radio station with news
how old is cher
select a different color for the lights
make a new list
hey olly inform me about latest picture updated by priya chopra on instagram
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
i am interested in what emotions are conveyed in grateful dead music
don't mind to choose any one.
other songs by this artist
mention the stock price of hdfc
is the weather bad in new york right now
could you speak the last utterance said once more.
show me all the shops that i can find in milan
what is twenty three times fifty two
whats the latest
make a list about selena gomez concert schedule
what do they have going on at young circle this week
dammit, that's not what i said.
s2, last sentence was not clear.
what did the clinic say about my exams
olly please can you shut off.
i was not clear about what you just said now.
take that off there
olly i want you cancel.
please turn on coffee maker and start brew cycle
what is the birthday of hemingway
siri what is the definition of ziggurat
remind me at six thirty pm
can you confirm what said please.
display my list
yes great response to the command.
turn on console
yeap you've got command correcly.
i want to play a game
is there anything exciting on twitter today
start next episode playing
check the current playing music title
what is the track information currently
how long is it from dalls to san antonio by train
wrong i will repeat the command now.
book an uber to los angeles cinemas in one hour
send email to mom starting with the subject vacation
how long do i chill an icebo pie
do have any new email
what is eighty seven minus fourteen
turn off all alarms
it is cloudy today
what will be the weather on monday this week
what is the seattle city council doing about homelessness
how is the traffic on I twenty five
can you reset.
it was wonderful.
book uber from my home
what is one hundred and twenty three times one hundred and twenty three
tell me the traffic condition from here to home
play for me the game cricket
how far does my dollar go in japan
i want a train ticket from los angeles to phoenix
make a reservation for two at olive garden
what alarm do i have set for today
turn the lights off in the bedroom
entertainment news
please update list with new item
i need you to turn off the light of my bed room
order two medium cheese and one medium pepperoni pizza from dominoes
would you check my last question please.
what friends were in popular places the last day
please turn on the wemo plug socket
change the media room lights from purple to green
what's the best italian restaurant in atlanta
send email to newmail@gmail dot com
please remove the following list
don't make any sounds
olly find any alarms i have set for today
what is happening in the area
set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
book a train ticket from los angeles to chicago that goes via miami
let me know today's date in american format
play the two towers
whether it would be sunny in califonia
show directions to pondy
thank you very much, olly.
what's the recipe for fish soup
raise your volume
lower the lighting
s2, i can not understand that.
open the contact named john
tell me how to get from here to the chimes in covington
hey i need you to make a list of cricket players of indian team who played for the international team in two thousand and fourteen
can you remove this item from the list
how do you activate the robot vacuum cleaner
check for all the movie theater prices and availability for a newly released movie in my location
how do i get to the grocery store
when will by order from taco bell be delivered
what is the number of the closest taxi company
please convert the time of here at nine pm to brasil time zone
what is latest on the recent events happening right now
your salary
i want to play the audiobook good grief
do not wake me up on weekends
compose a new email to ray
check detail please.
tell me the current dollar ratio for the us and canada
turn on the light socket
tell me the office address of my brother
date in new york
order a train ticket to los angeles now
send email to mom and tell her see her at disney world
go back to the last episode in this podcast
please play only sad song in music player
find me the cheapest copy of the four hour body
alarm ten am
i like rock music
thanks but it is not correct command.
tell me a good joke
could you turn off light
what is my location
do you know of any good free knitting patterns
what is the cooking time for boiled eggs
remove all alarm of sunday
home town weather
please create a new contact information about jo
what does the clock say
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
decrease brightness
i want to know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey in five sentences
i want to finally read the mars trilogy
what's happening in news express
yeah that is correct.
what's bob scrote's net worth
play the god of small things
hey turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
what are the local events
yeah you get it perfectly.
i need to get to bristol Friday night can you book me a ticket please
what time is it in karachi right now
how many birthday's are on twenty third
reply back to this email
let me know when the next cold front is expected
show me the alarms that are set
s2, i could not get that.
clear everything off my calendar for the rest of the year
add this song to my music
increase volume please
do they deliver
activate the roomba
top ten movies
this is unimportant to me.
could you please help me in listening to the radio
do i have alarms set before six in the morning
set alarm for saturday morning soccer practice at eight am
stock
open radia
lower the lights please
i can't hear you can you say it again louder
delete list
i was not clear about your response.
post a facebook status update
stop, this is not right answer.
thanks for the helping, olly.
please check and confirm command.
it was amazing, olly.
can you tweet lif about their app crashing
get me latest updates from facebook
tell me the exact arrival time of train from newcastle to edinburgh
i love to rock out with my sock out
oh that's good, olly.
turn off my wemo socket
lower volume to half
where is the best place to buy party supplies in town
remove cart list
please rectify the command.
cancel my three pm alarm
i wish this event to be removed from my calendar
i would like to receive updates about the stock market every day
sorry but it was not the correct response.
what is included in the tour's list
replay the last utterance said.
what are the offers in uber eats
please delete all my calendar events
let's roll the dice
recipe for spaghetti
outlet off
make my iroomba clean the living room
make the bedroom lights light blue
shuffle the songs in the music library
please stop talking
isn't keith urban wonderful
when it's ten pm here what time is it in brisbane
it looks sunny and clear today is that true
what's rene phone number
please we're the following alarm
i want to cancel the recording i have on the dvr list for this morning
quiet mode on until i am home from work
please delete my lunch date from the march twenty third schedule
please clear my calendar
what is the meaning of the word sanctimonious
i like classic rock
you have done command exactly.
rephrase me about what you've said further please.
turn the lights down
show stock of goog
could you speak a little more softly
what do i need to make lamb pathia
start robo vac
where a good restaurant
how many kids jackie chan does have
is gus's a take out place
i want to listen to podcast
on what date is easter this year
create a playing teams and play with them
increase lighting
please negative response tweet on daikin service
mute for one hour
does pizza hut have my order ready
please book a taxi in uber for me to go to the airport today
order six chicken tacos from chipotle
you are the best, thank you so much, olly.
resume the audiobook i listened to last
what's the time difference between here and queensland
look for this playback in audiobook and play for me
what johncena do
what is the highest microsoft stock price today
delete that
i'd like you to shut off my smart plug socket now please
where is the shopping mall for shirts
can you tell me the contact information of jo
how is the traffic in broadway street
tell me weather forecast
how many bots are in a dollar
skip to the next episode of this podcast
show me the time
put an order in for two pizzas from dominoes
play from smashing pumpkins
i do not really mind, olly.
find me a podcast on wrestling
what is the day today
what is mary s.'s phone number
let's hear ninety two point one
have i made loss in which stocks
set alarm at six thirty am
what's the exchange rates
what time is my alarm set for tomorrow morning
set a meeting with tom tomorrow at seven pm
turn off media volume
that's nice job, thank you so much.
i need to find a funny joke that is ok for kids
please start my podcast
on Tuesday what is the weather supposed to be
delete all events for the next five days
change the bedroom lights to green
what is jill's home phone number
tell the golden fork that i want their fish risotto delivered
do i have to bring umbrella for tonight party
i want to take karate classes where are local karate studios
you are awesome, thanks.
please list shops within one miles from me
what is the root of six hundred and twenty five
all lights has to be turned off during the day
skip to the next podcast
can you play my favorite audio book of king kong
what is the current value of yen in american money
it doesn't matter to me.
groceries list
hi olly please remove the birthday event on coming sunday
olly will you shut down please.
make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
let's do math
call raju phone number
ask for the weather today morning
yes it was perfect.
check and confirm what i said please.
go to agha station
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
turn the lights off
you have done that right appreciated.
tell me about new emails
whats the weather now
how much can i bleed before i die
resume my audiobook from the beginning of the last chapter i started
how is the traffic
i think you did the task incorrectly.
turn on the roomba
given it is four thirty five pm in london what time is it in melbourne
recommend a movie for me
remove eric name
delete sherlock holmes from library
how do i make meal
what time are my alarms
order a medium pizza with pepperoni and bacon on its
what's interesting around here
could you check and confirm detail please.
what is the latest on donald trump
play the song get happy by ella fitzgeral
hey olly make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
can you begin the brew
channel seventy two point five
book a ticket for me on a train to get to boston tomorrow what is available
iphone
which store's got the cheapest three pound beef rump
what is the most convenient hour to catch a train to york on Saturday
oh it's great job.
respond back to the mail
check in contacts
find radio
remove my four am alarm
what alarms did i set
could you please schedule a meeting with this person
pause the book
get me a train ticket to go to
is it going to rain on monday
put this on my facebook
make coffee for me
which song is this one
please can i know what time will it be at six pm here in australia
stop, you didn't instruction the request right.
can i see my lists for today
what is the best method to decide what the best thing to do isre
it doesn't matter for me.
send me a wake up alert at seven am tomorrow morning
get me news on trump
when was the last call i received from jordan
make the lights in the house red
let's do it again please.
how much is one hundred and thirty six plus three hundred and eighty seven
post that i am going to woodland shoe store
what and who was i emailed about last week
do i have any new messages in twitter instagram or facebook
send report to consumer service
switch off the master's bedroom
i want the room to be less bright
turn light off
is fongs dine in only
please set a reminder alarm for three pm on Saturday
you understood command perfectly.
reserve a train ticket for me today to des moines
the location is my office
buy an acela train ticket on thursday
power off the wemo plug
search for pink's youtube channel
please tell me about the historic facts about india
clear my activities list for today
save information about love of beyonc
please send a taxi to my house
when do i need to leave to pick up my order
give me recipes
what do you know about mary
start new list
on vacuum cleaner
talk to you later.
i need a taxi ride now
find a taxi to go home
what time does the first train depart from chicago
would you play some music please
can you please clarify once again.
could you please check and confirm the detail.
get train ticket
i want you to remove the item from the list
what's the funniest joke you know
show us red
does mr pizza deliver
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
are there any traffic restrictions due to the president's visit
alarm
play football news from radio one
confirm alarm for tomorrow morning
please warm up coffee machine
start my favourite podcast
i wouldn't really mind.
could you please shut down.
please have vacuum go for one hour
play all songs by metallica on shuffle
could you check what just said.
reach by mail to my family
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and euro
that wasn't right.
does bob live in france
what do they have going on for festivals downtown
it was nice one, thanks.
tell me about the sports stadium
all rccg march event is to be added to my calendar
what are you doing
book a train for twenty two march at twelve pm
turn off one light in my bedroom
order the usual from turiellos pizza
change my alarm
give me the description of a smartphone circuit
that's amazing, thanks, olly.
put poker face by lady gaga next in the play queue
can you find my lists
two pm set
play the next episode of the BBC tech podcast
i have a meeting with al on march twenty first at ten
Turn down volume
switch off light
play the electronic playlist
please will you clarify me more on that.
turn off one light on porch
this is unimportant.
tell me who the thirty second president is
start pandora
set a classic music
find me an audio book version of ready player one and play it for me
how many bones does a human body have
add carl's email to my contact
joke me
turn up radio volume
is it going to be cloudy or sunny today in bangalore
book a taxi for pickup at my current location in one hour's time
increase the volume a bit
what's new on my facebook account
there are anything in my list
turn off lights in my room
add this song to my favorite list
what times do my alarms go off
what events are scheduled for this weekend in me area
how many euro will i get for ten dollars
remove alarm of six am on tuesday
find local shops
turn the light off
try the last message one more time please.
go and make me a coffee
i challenge you to a game
please make me some coffee
whats the best way to france
wake me up at five am
i think incorrect.
how much is the us dollar versus the pound
tell taxi to pick me up at four pm
switch the lights off
find nearest train station
start the audiobook file for where i left off in a tale of two cities
new york time please
do i need to wear sunscreen today
shut off the lights
hey turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at ten am
send a mail to whom to talk
show the method to prepare icecream
what is two hundred divided by ten
if i was in the eastern time zone what time would it be
turn on the lights
brew some coffee
please turn down the lights in the house
please turn down the lights
select the contact
show todays events in ny
open the uber app and get me a car please
shut the lights off in my bedroom please
when was frank sinatra born
i want to clean my bedroom put the vacuum on and go to my room
give details about the current traffic
what is the result of one hundred minus fifty
please lower the lights a little bit
what is the customer service feedback
is the four hundred and thirty pm train running late
can you play my latest audio book
how many dollars can i get for one yen
it does not matter to me, olly.
current traffic
macdonald shops
every wednesday night at five pm remind me to meet phil
current time please
uh no, you've done in wrong manner.
give a hand to this game
i want to listen to today's hits
please turn on my balcony lights
what is the status on my latest order
hey read any email to me
could you please hire me a taxi to go to the opera tonight
mary's contact number
add detergent to the list of things i need to buy
what's the weather forecast for today
what i can do with laptop
play the twilight book
please check alarms
what alarms do i have set for thursday
see if john is available for a meeting on Monday
turn on the wemo
train leaving
what day of the week is my birthday this year
any new email since last time
yeap your understanding was confirmed.
who assassinated lincoln
newest world news
send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
delete out item
can you forward an episode in the podcast
i'd like you just stop.
s1, would you explain me about what you have just said once again.
remove list item
from four to six when do i have a free break
convert one oh two from gtm four thirty to g. m. t. one thirty
i've got a meeting by tonight seven pm please mute the music for an hour
tell me that words spoke again please.
what shops are near me
could you clarify me on it further.
what is the title of this song
calculate two multiplied by two
your answer is not clear.
make an alarm for three pm
turn on vacuum
how much does bde cost
what would be the exchange rate of currency in japan
i want the wemo socket off
could you please have uber be at my house in fifteen minutes
i need a cup of coffee
silence for certain amount of hours
please sent this email to my friend
what's happening in my social media
you have understood my instructions perfectly.
change the colours please
it's coffee time
no no turn it down
you did good job, thanks.
add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday
play book
wake me up on Friday at five in the morning i need to catch the train
please play the local latin music channel on the radio
yeah exactly.
can you turn on the wemo plug socket
that is all, stop it.
increase volume to fifty percent
play new radio channel
how much of the earth is made up of water
change the lights to dim
that does not really matter with me, olly.
what is the name of this song
please turn off the lights in patio
power off the current
nope, i think you did this all in wrong manner.
what went on in the world today
look up a lamp
what are the current lists i have
s2, i was unclear about your answers.
sound off please
do i have a meeting on saturday march twenty fifth
olly set my alarm to go off in an hour
hail taxi
initiate the robot vacuum cleaner
tell me my list names
you've understood command perfectly.
turn down the speakers
google uber
whats the traffic density in
remind me to pick up john from the airport tonight at eight
turn on the fan socket
what's new on social media
all food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list
what events are going to happen in my city between two four pm today
when does my alarm go off
check last thing i said please.
tell me pizza restaurants close by
show me thai food near me
Please lower the volume
please list the best clothing shops near me
don't really know.
please tweet the following complaint
start reading that alan partridge book
please add this song to work out playlist
i would not mind for any one.
look up the number of people living in miami florida
hey send email to john
did you get the instruction correctly?
do the restaurant deliver
change the light color to red
there is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
i like you stop it.
is there anything to do tonight
set to silent for five minutes
please search for local events
can you explain once again.
i need you to start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
from wangs kitchen restaurant home delivery for a chicken manchow soup
please repeat the last song
uhh no, you have done task all in wrong manner.
i appreciate answers.
what is in my favorites music folder
what movies are showing in cinema today
how much money in us would i need to have a thousand pesos
give me some cafes near downtown fort lauderdale
switch on the lights
what is the weather update for tuesday
what's today date
erase my grocery list
let's suck out the dust
vacuum start
please play red fm
that's useful, thank you.
can you wake the roomba for the kitchen
please will you just cancel.
games
say that again.
what is a sphere
turn up the brightness of the lights
s2, i didn't quite catch that.
what is the capital of china
convert eight thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. five thirty
thank you very much for your answers.
what is the best italian restaurant around here
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
create a new list
who was the first president of united states
which rom com movie can i watch in theatres around new york
turn on all upstairs lights
please brighten the room
can you order me takeout
please book me a taxi uber
change my room lights to blue
order a pizza for me
open radio
can i get delivery from here
prepare a cup of coffee
it's too dark i can't even see my hands
please go to the local sports talk show on the radio
can i pick up my large order at pizza hut
what song is playing on windows media player
will it snow next week
please make a list of thing i have to shop tomorrow
are there any new snaps on snapchat
locate the email to giant eagle and put it into my contact list
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
list events in ny
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
Switch off the smart socket
my favorite singer is shakira
really wouldn't mind.
let's play global thermonuclear war
what is a good rap album that came out this year
please post this picture on facebook
please modify the wrong command.
could you list out the information on book fairs in washington dc for next week
i do not really mind for anything.
turn the lights on
do they have takeout
church with mom and dad on sunday
write down that i am going to meet with jenny on the third okay
has any mail received with an attachment
yes strongly agree.
i am unable to hear you can you speak little loud
would you stop please.
what the highest likes on facebook
can you please turn off the lights in this room
remind me that i like that song
tweet consumer complaint
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts
make an alarm to help me remember
change the lights to green
find the serial podcast and play it
clear all events for this month
next week my uncle birthday
what ingredient can be used instead of saffron
would you confirm the question.
is there a takeout menu at the restaurant
uhh no, i did not say that.
what does the word labyrinth mean
how many eggs should i put in my cake mixture
what are all the event in area
check my facebook for notifications
book uber for tonight at seven pm
what is six minus four
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
would you reset what i've said please.
find new trump articles but not from fox news
which lists are present in the notes app
list the lists i have
what time can i pick up my food
what are my alarms
make me smile by telling a joke
whats two hundred divided by five
what's the latest in my social media
you have done the task wrong.
assistant please turn the lights off
delete my meeting event for march nineteen at one pm
go to sleep
will there be snow this week
switch off the plug point
can you start ryan seacrest
make the ceiling lights brighter
please play forward episode in quantico
funny story
bring up the grocery list and add
what music do i usually like after work
what is the name of that song that just went off
is there any new email
create an alarm for five pm
can you pull up the dave ramsey podcast that aired on monday
delete my list of appointments for tomorrow
please shut up.
any good fast food items
shall we play a game
give me the definition of school
book for me an uber taxi to bardonia
will you replay what you have said please.
what is available in your stock of lists
i love that song
open grubhub
remove last played song
move forward ten minutes in this podcast
what is playing at the local theater right now
length of traffic
you are the best,.
find weather report
put out the lights
make this room brighter
please turn lights off
doesn't matter.
new updates
what is the current exchange rate between dollars and euros
who recently posted on social media
what is the nine am cst to est
will you speak once again please.
what is the story of the movie titanic
what you just said was not so clear to me.
what is trending
please will you elaborate further on last sentence.
inform me of my new emails
outside traffic status please
cancel my event on june nineteenth
please speak one more time again.
i want to listen daily to this song
what information do you have on file in my information about bill
what's three plus three hundred and fifty five
olly can you please shut up.
i would like to crack jokes
display volume strength on current track
begin vacuum cleaning
activate vacuum cleaner
post to facebook at the spa yay with a smiley face emoticon
show me the top rated podcasts
call a uber in thirty minutes
turn off the lamps
can you tell me how to measure my shoe size
please save the current song to favorites
do i have banana in my shopping list
is there anything happening on jazz scene around edinburgh
please turn off the lights in bedroom
is bills pager number in my contacts
trash the open list google
did you get it correctly?
hey can you make it blue in here
oops, i think this was not the right response.
remember dinner on thursday at bistro italia
switch on the roomba
how old is rihanna
what's going on on fb
please turn down the lights in the living room
thank you very much for that information.
reset all events in calendar
i am not clear about your answers.
play me harry potter from the place i last stopped listening on
what is three times seven
it's perfect.
what movies are playing right now
go to sirius and play the hip hop channel
when is the next train to philadelphia
i want to see the recipe of veg biryani
skip to next nyt podcast
how much was airtel sold for sometime back
what's up with my order
how many emails have i got since yesterday
how many teaspoons are in a cup
tell me a joke about lawyers
play music
turn room light off
shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please
who was the last person to email me
can you shut up.
make me some coffee
can you bring me a nice coffee
i fancy some coffee now
how long was bryan cranston on breaking bad
give me the birth date of mahatma gandhi
how to cook that meal
run the robot vacuum cleaner
coffee make now
cut wemo power please
you've done it right.
delete my grocery list in my notes
when does the next train to work leave
turn room lights off now
how to cook this food
filter all arijit singh sad song and save or create playlist of sad songs of arijit singh
open uber app and book me a car for pick up at the airport
is the pound up or down against the dollar
play radia
tell me if the olive garden allows takeaway
what day of the month is it
restart american gods
whats the dow jones at today
can you reserve a train ticket for this day
send email to family and tell them to bring the bug spray before coming to the park
turn the room light off
thank you very much for listening.
i would like to hear the last one spoken again.
make me a capuccino
i want to play poker with you
@nikesupport i need some assistance regarding some shoes i bought last week
i asked for something else.
where am i supposed to be by this time tomorrow
change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red
please raise the light i am not comfortable at this
open radio frequency ninety nine point five
do i need boots today
play the time machine by h g wells
what music is currently playing
turn bedroom lights off
what is the time in china
save email id
please open and play chess with me
remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
play my rock station on pandora
have i gotten any new emails from mary
show me the email of jack
what is trending on twitter
send this message to the family group starts with a
make the lights in my home yellow
is the data prefers any problems in objects
what music is playing right now
the lights are too bright
the twenty second is on what day of the week
any one would be okay with me, olly.
current traffic conditions
go to the station fm ninety six point five
forex rate of euro to u. s. d.
how are stocks for google
show me what lists are available
what is a good iranian film from two thousand and sixteen
is this my sisters cellphone number
what is on this list
turn wemo plug socket off
i want to know the result of twenty is to two
can you take a role of enemy in the game of coc
i want the light to be a little more red ish
have i gotten any emails lately
get latest news report on kidnapping in ny
i want a not only to direct me to an internet site but actually answer any given question
i wouldn't really care.
turn shuffle on music player on
title of song
are there any backups on route eighty today
trash file one
find songs from my big band playlist
siri open twitter tweet @potus sucks
alarm time for twelve pm
it is ten am in eastern standard time what time it is now it pacific standard time
do i have any new emails from sarah
what is my schedule for tomorrow
what is going on today in biloxi
that's enough, just cancel.
please empty my calendar
do remove next event from the calendar
i need two pizzas stat
clear all events from march seven
you have done task all wrong.
i want two burgers and one coke order it fast
what is the difference between yesterday's and today's stock prices for walmart
smart plug socket off please
what are the steps for biriyani meal
repeat that.
please check new email from andy
olly can you shut up.
brew my coffee
start audio playback of twilight again
check item five on my to do list
light colour for study room
what movie should i see
give me the alarm times for the next two days
read me the last tweet from the washington post
give me the most recent stuff you have angelina jolie
what movie should i watch today
set an alarm for me for tomorrow at seven pm
what time does the dinner party start tonight
can you lower the lights
weather in home town
i need to know how to make stuffed peppers
yeah you've got that perfectly.
show my alarms
get the next episode
when and where is june's birthday party
what is the price of amd on the stock market
two thousand and seventeen movies
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow
do i have anything planned for today
add light
increase the volume to seventy percent
vacuum the floor
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
time time is the holiday party at the office
what's the rate between the u. s. d. and ukraine's currency
yeap you have got my instructions perfectly.
speaker volume increase
play me all jazz music
start game temple runner
how do i set the timer on my coffee machine
please decrease the volume of music player
add a new list
what time are the trains going to chennai leaving
can you call an uber for me
when will you do my laundry
what is the current exchange rate from u. s. d. to rupies
could you please check the detail.
how is traffic in city
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
start the gilmore guys
create an email that needs to go out to my family
yo order take out from jason's deli on sixth ave
pull up the shopping list
turn the lamp off
is my wake up alarm set a six am
any restaurant in the beautiful
yeah it's good.
make a list of all the halloween events going around in new york
show me tutorials on cooking food
order me postmates of mcdonald
please play next episode of podcast
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
how much is the euro versus the canadian dollar
has tom emailed me about ammunition
play musician play list
remember that this song is good but too slow to exercise to
what is sarah's number
i want to raise the light
multiply one thousand by twelve
next podcast play
please delete the list
is the restaurant having delivery facility
brighten the lights in this room
play keno
what is the news today in polk county florida
i want to know the best super market in this local area
set coffee to brew at seven am
the command was confirmed.
i need to book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
march fifth is john's birthday please place this on the calendar
turn on one oh seven point five
play me a radio channel for trance music
order one coffee from nearest coffee shop
calculate two plus 29
please remove my next event
i need to keep two toddlers busy tell me what to do
tell me my choices for a good steak restaurant near here
how far is it from tokyo to dallas
olly i need to call my mom will you check her work number for me
yes exact response.
please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
turn off the room light
turn on notification for all news on the stock market
delete my next meeting
tweet to amazon about late delivery of my tv
play solitaire
i want to hear play that funky music
add the item to a list
is the traffic smooth right now
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
what did apple stock close at yesterday
please order some sushi for dinner
can you please off the light
find me the local npr station
i am sorry but i think it's not the right command.
yes you have got my instructions perfectly.
turn the volume down a little please
play favorited podcasts on fishing
could you order sushi for tonight dinner
add a reminder to april fourth to go to the dentist
area of north america
what day of the month is next tuesday
i wanna laugh can you make it happen
make me happy
can you pull up jeff
how many numbers are saved for alex
do i have any new emails in my inbox today
who sings this
list the items on my shopping list
please set my alarm clock for eight am
brighten the lights on the front porch
please turn on my smart plug socket
doesn't matter with me, olly.
you've done that correctly thanks.
please turn off the smart plug socket
olly that is enough, just stop it.
shut down please.
which song is currently playing
which song am i listening to right now
make a list of numbers for me
i don't really mind.
send an email to jesse
what country was einstein from
can you tell me on tuesday to give jane a call
i think you messed up with my command.
what is john doe's address
erase all content in my calendar
you understood the answer right.
hey i am having a bad day today what can i watch to cheer me up
what does one have to damage in cream to make butter
thanks but you didn't get me.
how does the desk look
have there been updates on abortion law
can you play beats one radio
can you book me a taxi
change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
appreciated, olly.
i do not care.
well done, appreciated.
that is enough, stop it.
could you please confirm if paradise does takeaway
list all the nearby shops
i want to listen jazz
What event do you suggest for me tonight
do you know about this lyrics
play power one oh two point three
have no idea about what to do, olly.
what is six times sixty eight
turn the lights higher
please reduce the sound
have any emails come in since four hundred today
start chapter five of physics for future presidents
what is twelve times eight
please add a new email in my contacts from sara
please list the available rain trips to location a
i think you've done task all wrong.
book me a taxi for one pm
i want coffee from the machine
how is the traffic in florida
wait, i think that's not the right answer.
can you get me a cup of coffee
should i bring warm clothes
please set reminder
tell me a clean joke
open lyft
uh no, i think not correct response.
does pink have a new baby
turn off the sounds
hey what's today's date
let's play fmod
it's right.
thursday at three pm there is a teachers meeting i need to be reminded of
did i email tom on the subject of gun control
i want to see all set alarms
fetch me two train tickets for the earliest train to paris
can you suggest a good drama for me to watch
let's play a game together
shit, you made a mistake, please correct this.
please tell me how can I remove the item
tweet a complaint to amazon about late shipment
order chinese food
should i take an umbrella today
switch on all the lights
what's around tonight
how old is brad pitt
dollar rate at present
please do not answer
change the color of the lights to blue
s1, please elaborate me on your answer further.
is it ok to lower the lights
will there be a farmers market in the area this weekend
show mobile number of john
continue with my audiobook please
brief me about my news feed stories
what list do i have
where is a good wine bar near me
did i receive a message from kevin
read my lists to me
get me a car
olly please will you shut up.
search for your favorite meal
where is a theatre in my area
too private
reopen groceries and add milk
search for new jokes
what asian restaurants nearby offer to go food
how has your life been changed by me
disable shuffle
start the coffee machine at three
shuffle music
please raise the lights to max
please set an alarm for tomorrows meeting at seven am
can you check and confirm the question please.
is there any concerts taking place in new york today
add this song to my catalogue
open tic tac toe
tell me about medieval war engines
what is the date today
tell me a funny joke
how long does it take to get the train from rome to paris
food order from grubhub
add grocery shopping to my to do list
get me a taxi
how much is twelve divided by four
remind me of my twelve oclock meeting by eleven thirty
audio up
does mcdonalds do takeaway
is there any traffic right now
show me my contacts
is my reminder alarm set for dance class
tell me a joke
how many pesos can i get for a dollar right now
that's helpful, i appreciate it.
book a train ticket to new york
tell me something funny
book a train ticket from washington dc to savannah georgia
what does h2o stand for
start vacuum cleaner
can you please explain more on last sentence to me.
email my friend about our plans tonight
please delete the contacts that i havent spoken to in three of months
make sound louder
set an alarm for two hours from now
could you create a new list for me
what is a banana
how long should i cook a hamburger on each side
please can you confirm last thing said.
send me notice of meeting wednesday nine am
on february fourteenth make dinner reservations at the restaurant
places to order takeaway food
hey what does incite mean
i wouldn't bother.
turn this room light off
what is happening in the world news
what is mondays actual date
resume joes book from where i left off last time
how much is the euro worth versus us dollar
read me my alarms
is there anything new on snapchat
i would like the house lights to be pink
turn up the volume on my speakers
show me the list of alarms
let me know about the stock rate of a microsoft
please turn up the volume
thank you so much for the help, olly.
turn on wemo
tell me what's going on with facebook
play the last next episode
i want to listen to the bob and tom show
i need to put together a todo list for work
can you please change the time zone to us
open chess app and begin game
find me the recipe for a cake
do not really care.
cancel my eight am alarm
customer service complaint tweet the following
what mexican restaurants are there nearby for takeout
are there any events going on in milan
play the podcast of barack obama saved in device
hey i'd like you to order burger
do i have any events scheduled today
play by favorite radio station
play the latest seahawks podcast
would you please turn on the am radio
please tell about the alarms
get me some latte please
turn on the vacuum now
please make the smart socket turn off
could you change the lights colour to green please
dentist appointment today at nine am
please tweet a complaint about slow service at applebee's
status for the pizza delivery from pizza hut
is today a sunscreen day
keep me updated on the election results
can i get a taxi to come to my house in an hour
where does tar work currently
pull up my party playlist
what is the weather like outside
charges of delivery
what time do i have my alarm set for tomorrow
tell me a joke please
reviews of the restaurants
open this game
how would you define a car
have any suggestions for local italian food
what is the latest action movie running in theaters
that isn't what i meant.
tell me about the alarm timings
i need to get up at ten tomorrow
can you please be muted for a while
Has @realdonaldtrump posted anything new on twitter
why does tom izzo look like a whiny bitch when his team plays
it was cool, thank you very much.
turn on the plug
is this the correct area code for my boss
set a wake up call for ten am
can you remind me of sunday gym every saturday evening
would you stop it.
i would like to start this new audiobook
open audio book history of rome
show me a map of everywhere the cat has been this week
what is the name of the artist that created this song
is there bad traffic on the highway right now
how much longer until my pizza will be here
send the email to john
fantastic response to command.
call domino's pizza
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for march twenty five
give me some bowie
today how many alarms do i have set
can you start the coffee
read about mary s.
lower the light of hall percent
open facebook messenger
stop making sounds for forty minutes
who's that song by
i don't have enough money to buy the nintendo switch right now can you please remove it on my amazon wishlist
turn my lights down to a lower level of brightness
play for me american idol on television
when is taco bell going to arrive
do you have a traffic update
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
when is bank holiday
tell me about alarms
tweet kohls about the cleanliness of their store
what is time now in japan compared to usa
the volume of the music playing now should be raised
shut off lights
play a podcast about latest yoga videos
checkout domino centre near me and order cheese pizza
it's helpful, thank you very much.
please tell me the date
can you please tell me what i have on my list
have no idea for which to choose.
brighten of lights in living room
pull up the menu for the closest mexican restaurant
tell me current situation of traffic near central park road
please open my fm radio and play nine hundred and eighty seven
make the socket available for me
tell me once again.
convert current time from ist to est
movies with good reviews
give details of rock sand
have my iroomba clean the house
i have no idea regarding to which to select.
change the station to eighty two point four
honda stock price
play the breakfast club
could you please create a pandora channel for adele
did i set my house alarm
find a taxi for me
that's good, thanks.
i want to hear tum hi ho next
save this song in my great songs category
can you please shut up.
what day does easter fall on
how many alarms are listed
activate the robot and vacuum the floor
i want to know if the olive garden provides takeaway
check and confirm last thing said please.
what do you mean by it.
please remove the first list
play radio ninety five point five
let me know if i get a new personal message from martha on facebook today
hi what is happening in twitter today
my day was great
play compassionate cook episode twenty three
how much is two thousand five hundred philippine pesos in dollars
remove my six am alarm
make me laugh i want to hear a joke
eight hundred and eighty nine fm please
i would like it to be able to compute answer from search results like wolfram alpha does
show contact of john
is today march sixth
define what's a goalkeeper
forward the mail to new email address
did you receive this person email
give me the list of the top five safest cars to buy
please start the vacuum
make the lights blue in here
wake me up at time
yes right.
what else is on the list
confirm i have set an alarm for six am
find a taxi service close to me
list my different alarm
send an email to qerwerq@hotmail dot com
thanks but i think you made some mistakes.
can you search trump
can you give me the time in this time zone
please decrease the volume of this song
did i leave the light on in the garage
what's two plus two
send this email to reply to the latest emails
any new facebook posts from amy
what is the weather today
tune in some radio
Show times for nearest theater
decrease speaker volume
delete the list
whats the average temperature in mangalore for this week
play next episode
unmute after
is there any traffic on my way to work
i like a song sing by arijit singh
is my order ready for pick up now
what song is playing right now
i like electronic music
when is the next train leaving for austin
have you made a mistake.
i need you to set an alarm
google stock price
thanks, that's fantastic job, olly.
i would like you to check what last said please.
could you stop please.
order me a cheese burger from tommy's burgers
play the next show on podcast
what's the news in politics
can you read me my lists
local shops
turn off the lights please
olly that is enough, cancel.
i am sorry but you got that incorrectly.
check time of kalka train from jodhpur station on monday
please do not speak
it was nice job, thank you so much.
raise the volume to sixty
please shut the lights
what is going on in me area today
which continent has highest growth of cotton and what is average production
tell me the list about
create a new list called grocery store please
i want to turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
please set the lights off in the living room
please turn the music up
did i receive any new email
is traffic to work clear
turn the wemo off
increase volume
how is it outside
locate information on john smith about his work location
erase spaghetti from list
please lower music volume
what are listed
Play best friends by yelawolf
could you please confirm the instruction.
what time is the last train headed to chicago
how tall is roraima mount
i was not so clear about your words.
book train to london
i need a recipe for spaghetti
please turn on the sean hannity show on am
start a pot of coffee please
let's have the radio on
yeah get that correcly.
could you manipulate roip for me
what is the temperature right now in new york
it does not matter with me, olly.
turn off overhead light
what lists are available
what degree is it outside
how do i get to brighton
got it correcly.
how much is one u. s. d. in inr
place an order for a pepperoni pizza at papa johns
does that restaurant allow take out orders
turn off socket
say some jokes
what times may i travel to location a
start making some coffee
could you please further elaborate me about what you have just said.
is my schedule full for tomorrow from eight am to two pm
set the coffee maker to on
you are smart, olly.
what is happening in the world right now
mute the speakers
get the roomba to clean up
i need a ride in an hour
add toothpaste to my shopping list
switch to night light setting
make new list
please delete bananas from my shopping list
i do not mind for whatever.
let us do it again please.
check and confirm the instruction.
did you change the wallpaper
do i have any notifications from social media
what are the stock prices of target
yeah that's confirmed.
give me name and type of this music
schedule a delivery from food at the nearby takeaway diner
i am the living blues
please make the lights watching friendly
show me upcoming events in the quad cities
i want to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmadabad
can you recommend some dog's how events going on in our city
turn the lights down to seven
reply to the latest email
how many emails do i have from work today
i want to hear my favorite jazz music genre
please begin clash of clans
has the weather changed for wednesday at all
how many times does fifty go into one million
can I get the recipe for chocolate brownies
turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
lets play
on mobile charger plug
can you make the room brighter
crack a joke
compose a mail for jack
silent mode
play last reason podcast
sorry but i think you have messed up with command.
will you check what i said please.
start the robot vacuum cleaner now
order takeout
you are helpful, appreciated.
make an alarm for the morning
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
i need some sushi what's closest
can you give me the time in new delhi
send an email to juanpedro@gmail dot com
save my last playlist
what time i am waking up tomorrow
what would be the a perfectly nutritionally balanced meal for dinner
did mike send me an email
you had me incorrectly.
if i have fifty dollars and spend twenty four how many dollars will i have left
from where can i get a train ticket for athens
reduce the brightness
how many things do i have planned tonight
what is twenty percent of one hundred and fifty
is the song by shakira
please takeaway of giving required of the restaurant
can you book a train ticket
what's the news in politics on cnn
i need to set up a new list
please play a podcast
stay quiet
wouldn't mind to select any one, olly.
places with pizza delivery near me
what are the items on my list
what are the titles of the lists in contacts
events today
you gave me not correct information.
give me the details on purchase order
will you please play the next episode of podcast
did you get last thing i said correctly?
resume playback
bed room two darken
open a new email to contact
increase
i want to listen to the radio
hey today i was fired from my job
i need a reminder alarm at one
it was helpful, musch appreciated.
current price of google please
it is useful, thank you so much.
launch super mario
which songs do i listen to most
switch on the radio
i need to go to dundee at five am on sunday by train
what is planned for today in my local area
send a confirmation email to sandy
check the events on calendar and delete the next event
give me the weekly weather near me
is the thanks giving event on fourteenth of this month true
go to the third episode of this podcast
is there room on my grocery list for an extra item
resume the reading of the french lesson
change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow
would you please shut up.
what is twenty four times twenty four
look up in contacts
fast me the news of academy awards
can you turn off the living room lights
running competitions on the west side
the list contain what
add the song to my favorites
that was not what i meant.
disable the alarm which is set at nine thirty pm
please play the newest podcast
what is the current time in lagos nigeria
play super mario brothers game with me
minimize the light power
find train ticket
change the lights in the living room to green and red
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
what is zero divided by zero
great response to command.
that is cool, thanks, olly.
tweet @phohouse your server was rude #badpho
add this email to my contact list
you are my star, thank you so much.
could you please tell me what is the rate for pound to u. s. d.
in classic all music are there ever any singers
who is the singer
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
check my email
how many events on my list
play the radio station one hundred and one point nine
speak one more time please.
retrieve the light for me
Volume louder softer
play song over the rainbow
what is the highest rated joke today
i want to change the light colors
few traffic roads
tell me about the current weather
please share up to the minute details on sprint
i want to hear it again.
i need a coffee
rewind button
i need to set an alarm for next friday at noon
please pause this audio book now
i would like to know the train timings to bournemouth tomorrow
please delete my morning alarm
turn on my son's room plug socket on off
nighttime mode
tell me what a workhouse is
tell me starting phrase of this music
by remote sensor
how do i cook a meatloaf
give description of statue of liberty
what is tomorrow's alarm time set to
switch on the plug
please clear my calendar for tomorrow
how can i cook pizza
u. s. d. position now
what is nine time ten
play games
what is six divided by two
read my list to me
yeah that is perfect.
you are star, thank you so much.
open gallery post video name
latest updates on syrian civil war
google search the topic
can i get takeaway from pings
i'm not doing thing this week
show traffic in ohio
any traffic issues today
flip the wemo on
who covered the song one more cup of coffee
is anything trending on social media today
what food is good
book me a ride
do i have any alarms
what is on my alarm schedule
lower the intensity of light
make me coffee at eight am
slow the volume speaker
i like music from when i was a teenager in the
let's try it again.
i like the songs of yeshudas please play it
scan the radio for howard stern
what alarms are set
when is trolls playing
delete my eight pm alarm
please speak quieter to me
what is the date and time
let's go through all pending reminders
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
turn off the bathroom light
can i get the definition to ambulance
set coffee maker to start at three
add sugar to my shopping list
can you shut up please.
add running to my calendar for thursday
what is currently trending on twitter
can you set an alarm for seven am
i like the background song
tell me a good doctor joke
play real racing three game
what date is my anniversary
local show
please turn the lights brighter
please keep everything i have on this song
how long do i need to cook a brisket for it to be medium
turn the sound up
current status of take out order
can you play the next episode please
i like alt rock music
what is the time difference between new york and lagos
would not mind to select any one, olly.
eliminate the list kickball but make sure the contacts remain
delete call newspaper from my vacation list
hold
recent advice concerning google seo
what is elvis favorite ride
would you please check that.
check last thing i said.
turn lights to green
new scenario time or calendar to new list
book me a train ticket in any train to bombay for tomorrow
set an alarm for five minutes from now
do i need to pick up the kids from anything today
turn the vacuum on
please check and repeat this song one time more
please try what you've just said again.
what is my afternoon schedule tomorrow
anything will be okay with me.
let's play some pong
double cappuccino small please
book train ticket to new york
please turn the lights up
i need to know where to get chicken wings in benton ar
what's trending on social media
recommend a restaurant with medium expense
wait, you did not interpret command right.
is there any chinese places in benton ar
you are smart.
call a taxi to pick me up at work
how much is a g. b. p. in u. s. d.
is my work alarm set for tomorrow
search schedules for this week
it's a bit dark increase lighting
on twenty third february rahul will come with me on india cricket match
call me at six am
i want to hear what said again.
latest tweets
place order of one pizza
find me the nearest chinese for delivery
this is not the correct answer.
what's the date is currently
add event to date
play tonic
tell the latest news about the trump
turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee
can i order olive garden to go
tell me the current time in san paulo brazil
remove events from my list
please turn the volume to the loudest setting
please tell me the current date
play pong against me
inbox this mail
do i have a new email from eric
ensure i have to get up at six in morning
has sarah posted anything today
whats going on in my calendar
change the lights to a different hue
email hwu@gmail dot com add to email contacts
say something funny
book a train ticket for friday april fourteenth for boston
open the radio app
what are departure arrival times for this train
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
make coffee at three
am i gonna hit traffic
can you delete all events from my calendar
send a tweet about my complaint on my truck to consumer digest
what day is christmas
how much does the fb stock cost
that's all, cancel it.
produce a new register
clap on
can you change the light colors in the house
what is the time in geneva
my facebook update in every three hour should be available
resume the playback of a child called it
which route has less traffic today
is it going to rain in seattle today
what alarms are currently set
train times to glasgow
latest instagram posts
resume the playback of zanes se chronicles
where is los angeles
please show me best run program in jodhpur
make vacuum cleaner start
find me the cheapest place to buy a new backpack
make me a new checklist
clear up my calendar
i want it to be able to tell me statistics about things it's done for me like how often i've eaten out this month
check stock prices on this
tell me time of alarm you set
delete appointment at time
will you put on the music
hey olly make the lights a little dimmer
i want to read yahoo news
what time is it in new york city
good restaurants
cancel sam's party
what's the description for the alarm at eleven am
correct response to the command.
what is the weather going to be like on march twentieth two thousand and seventeen
give me lists
cancel future event from place i worked
find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the us please
can you open the reply inbox
send an email to rohit saying i am busy tomorrow
i can not quite catch up with you.
book a taxi uber
yeah wonderful response to command.
can you activate the vacuum to clean the house
turn off the alarm for tomorrow morning
does brick grill deliver
ordering food
check what said.
listen to this song
the set alarm for nine pm on Thursday night
what the time difference from here to ottawa
play previous episode
can you tell me the time in new york
turn off my smart plug in thirty minutes
how old is carrie underwood
tell me the recipe to cook pav bhaji
begin playing the audiobook beauty and the beast
up the volume the sound is too low
remove my work alarm
you didn't say my name right.
could you get john's email address for me
traffic congestion issues
can you play acoustic music with no commercials
reset my locations list
what list is available for my favorite music from ed sheeran
please play back some important points summary
Show chicken tikka recipe
what is traffic
you did nice job, thank you.
define elaborate
book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may two for stored passenger list
how is my inbox looking at the moment
can you elaborate me on your answers again.
Show me news from cnn
help me locate a shop that sells clothes for classy ladies
turn the robot vacuum cleaner on
how many emails do i have in the last fifteen minutes
what is the title and artist of this song
is there any event today in my calendar
once again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
did you get last thing said correctly?
i don't really care.
set an alarm for nine am
please remove this item from the list
what is the deepest point on earth
really don't mind, olly.
shut down the plug
i want to drink coffee
please make me a cappuccino
tell me when i get new emails from principal lowry
how is the weather down in orange tx
the time difference between lagos and new york is what
get local events
can you upload my latest selfie in my instagram
what exhibits or shows are scheduled at the metropolitan theater
where is the closer starbucks
i like r n b
start cappuccino for me now
activate the robot vacuum
be funny for me
do not really mind for whatever, olly.
turn off lobby light
delete all recurring staff meetings
define love without invoking the term love
increase light intensity
send email to bro and say hi come down for dinner tonight
order some takeaway food
add eggs to my grocery's shopping list
is there email id of john in the list
cancel list
switch off the lights
turn on the local radio
what will be the weather update for monday noon
can you continue audiobook the circle
kill all the frogs you see
cancel my meeting tomorrow
tell me the preparation method for chicken sixty five
resume lord of the rings
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar
what is the route to the closest mcdonalds
wake me up at seven am
lights dim
what is the status on my takeout
turn up the light
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
show me upcoming events in chicago
what is on my to do list
near pizza shops
is there any stopped traffic on route eighty today
what is ten divided by five
repeating event meeting on mondays
hmm, i think incorrect answer.
have i gotten any mail recently
play audiobook of jacob
send a tweet
please make me wake up at four am tomorrow
i'd like to play monopoly
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
have the vacuum cleaner clean the room
can you place the sound on mute
song next
tell me about joose
is there any rap that doesn't involve sex money and drugs
create a new list for me please
can they provide takeaway
kfi is my favorite rapper
s1, explain me on your answer further please.
tell me it one more again please.
find me a recipe of spaghetti
what is the rate for g. b. p. to u. s. d.
which pubs participate in the jazz festival
start vacuum
can i get the directions to the nearest bar
tweet a complaint to comcast
can you explain string theory to me
can you please let me know the next four scheduled trains to chicago
is the coffee ready
i need to figure out this percentage
what important dates are there in my calendar this month
i need to add this new contact for sam smith ssmith@yahoo dot com
turn my smart plug socket on
please resume my music
what is today's date
exchange rate for converting ten dollar to euro
please show me today's date
please put bread on the grocery list
add newscast time to daily schedule
how do you solve three two
add a wrist watch to the shopping list
please show me detail of previous played song
what alarms are set for today
what is fifty five minus two
my alarms
appreciate your answers, olly.
eight am in manila is what in new york
well done, musch appreciated.
save this song as my favorite
sanctimonious definition
in every three hours give me my facebook update
what is twelve divided by four
play next doctor who episode
can you turn up the volume
schedule an alarm for next weeks dentist appointment
could you please tell me what time is in singapore
please play the radio
switch off the wemo plug socket
are there any alarms set what are they
is there any new environmental news
delete the first alarm
when is the next alarm
tell me what's happening on instagram
tell me the artist of this song
identify song
email me the lyrics to this song
what is the current central time
create a list of jewels to be bought
yes that's correct.
turn on radio now
i'd like to hear what i have just said again.
any local activities you can recommend in my area
set an alarm for five hundred and thirty
play music from where you left off
speaker volume decrease
hello i would like to know whether you provide home delivery services
what is the estimated travel time for the train ride to orlando
what date is today
humor me
did mom text me
cancel.
show me nearby takeout restaurants
please can you say it one more time again.
set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning
tell me it one more time again please.
will you please check and confirm it.
play melody songs
how do i get from where i'm at to universal in orlando florida
more volume please
start my jazz playlist
hey i want to get trains to manchester on Wednesday
i think you have done the task all wrong.
what restaurant is open after midnight
order takeout pizza from domino's for seven pm
remove the doctor's appointment i added to my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
do i need a sweater today
turn off lights of kitchen
give me the description of a mobile battery functioning
where is the nearest smoke shop
play my play list
i needed to prepare for a meeting
who has written to me or mentioned me in social media
what does a beech tree look like
please mute the volume control
retry it please.
how old are kim kardashian's children
find me info on cars
what's the stock price of this
add dan@dancom to my contacts
what meetings do i have between eight ten today
send an email to mom subject weather body what is the weather like there this week
play my favourite podcasts
what is happening this weekend
is there any train plying from pune to mumbai tonight
can you just stop it please.
it's eight at night in france what time is it in new york
would you check and confirm question please.
what does session mean
i don't mind for whatever.
hi what is the hot topic in facebook
can you tell me a joke
boiled
give me the news on donald trump
i want you to check what just said please.
what is the time difference between eastern time and pacific time
what's the best way to cook pasta
can you get me train ticket prices please
order from dominos
initiate cleaning process
send a tweet to safeway about water in my gas
hey olly tell my today's top news
last take away order
fantastic response to the command.
i want to listen to rock
rate this song five stars and save the rating
can you say one more again.
i want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
play random radio station
i do have a to do list for today don't i
next episode in the podcast please
do i have a party tomorrow save on my calendar
email my favourite contacts
tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty one is
turn off room lights
list me the stock of apple right now
could you explain the meaning of exorbitant for me please
any good bike shops in oxford
did bert write me today
add apples to shopping list
start the vacuum cleaner
sunny in oslo
today is which date
request an uber now
you need to find an alternate route to my destination
solve this equation one plus one
could you speak that once more.
could you once again rephrase me about your answers.
i do not get the last sentence.
slow rock it's ok
can you play file
save this song as a favorite
all lights colour to blue please
disable my three pm alarm
i want a train ticket to oregon
can you check last thing i said please.
would you shut off.
how much would it cost to buy a share of target
can you tell me about the alarm called bed
please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code twenty nine thousand nine hundred and seventy eight
whatever would be ok to me.
book an uber for one hour from now
how much is twenty two usd in euros
tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horrible
open note pad
open uber
keep me informed about bitcoin price
check for new emails
lets have a break for five minutes
play a news radio station
turn it up
how much is one dollar in pounds
complain for cheating
where does fred work
what's worth watching
have i got any new email from my company
confirm my last command please.
please note i like jazz and hate disco
where is a good place to eat in seattle
set the speakers to mute
whats a good place to eat around midtown new york
any new emails for me
change the light color the red
how far away is the nearest rest stop
how do i make cookies
how is this weeks weather
shit, not right.
i like this song what is it can you please repeat it once
can i carry out with this restaurant
what new posts are on my page
tell me the date when this song was recorded
when was justin bieber born
give me the release date of this song
save this email in contact
what time is my wakeup alarm set for
tell me the simple interest of seven with interest in two year
Put milk on my shopping list
couldn't understand what you just said now.
do not wake me up tomorrow
do not care.
find a pizza restaurant open until noon
please check the traffic to the home
mute yourself when i am in a meeting
who has sent me an email in the past week
how to cook yellow rice
any free events in la today
please add tom to my contact list
movies with good rotten tomato ratings
i am sorry but that's not the correct response.
set an alarm for the dance classes two hours before the classes start
it is unimportant to me.
how old is barack obaba
times clapping sound times
where can i get something to eat by the art museum
directions to sainsburys
repeat alarm
what is on the agenda for the four pm meeting with joe
turn off the bathroom lights
i need you to say that last information again but much louder
nearest walmart location
please start vacuum cleaner
hey olly tell me a joke
play the urban radio station
turn on the wemo plug socket
cut the songs in this musics
what does formidable mean
send an email to my family wishing them a happy holiday
get me resume of newest release audio book
create a playlist
show me the latest emails from amazon
where can i find the nearest irish pub in my area
color the lights red
remove the grocery list from my active lists
do you have a funny joke for me
call vikki
remind me every year on this date of
is it Monday today
olly would you please shut up.
base on my audiobook collection get me recommendation related audio book i should listen get and play me the resume
thanks for your answers.
search for the latest news about iphone
what is the nearest theatre that plays the new vin diesel movie
can you mute when i am not home
what is a good joke
show me the available colours of lights
who wrote the song i just wanna dance with you
celeb news
jj.nzt@yahoo dot com
open book
what time is it in central time zone
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
what is the current time in california
how many oscars does morgan freeman have
what is home town weather
make me a cup of coffee
play biography of jackie kennedy
all alarms
olly can you shut off.
that song is my favorite
what is the most current exchange rate in china
is my alarm set
please let me know about topic elections
resume audio playback of twilight
play random music
will you tell me what you have said one more time please.
book me a return trip from edinburgh to london by train
will you please rephrase me further on that.
book a rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
what day today
i would not really mind, olly.
what are the news notification
i need to send an email to michael
you are my star, thank you so much, olly.
set an alarm for seven thirty am
add a reminder for april twenty as my bro's birthday
Please play this game
what are the show times of logan
i need to make a grocery list
let us do it again.
show me the shortest route towards nearest train station
save this songs genre for me
convert ten inches to centimeters
does the nearby pizza hut deliver in my area
it seems like the answer was not correct.
turn off the socket
can you be my best friend
compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better
yes that's amazing.
i really ska music
is there a chili cookoff this weekend
i am so hungry and tired and i think i might order some food now
let me know about any alarms set today
please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom
what movies is kevin spacey in
find me the cheapest train ticket to spain
show me the stock price for google
call a taxi
that was useful,.
select shuffle all
please give me directions to a park near me
are any of my new emails from amy
what's happening at the library this month
anything would be good.
please block off friday at eight am on my calendar
how can i go from boston to new york by train
wouldn't mind to choose any one.
drop it from list
check the traffic to our home
please power down
am i going to swim or work today
need a taxi tomorrow at eight in the morning
tell about the origin of the word evolution
how is the traffic in mg road
what is four plus four
restart bill nye book
record the opinion of each individual about this song
how to make fried rice
yeah wonderful.
change channel to one hundred and three
what is the temperature
please tell me what a crankshaft is
erase my next calendar event
read me some more deadly death killers
can you tell me about the traffic
turn on my michael jackson playlist
flag me an uber for ten pm tonight
searching for recent happenings on the particular dates
shuffle this playlist
change lights to red
when is my takeaway arriving
lets hear wgrr one hundred and three point five
when is the next septa train to philadelphia
i would not mind, olly.
check how many likes did i got on my most recent post
switch to los angeles time
are there dog shows going on near new york city
start playing ringcast
start a list
would you tell me one more again please.
what is on my shopping list
can you make some coffee
play the latest games
how is a typhoon defined
look up animal and give me the definition
what's my next events
does not matter for me.
lights at percent
write a tweet of complaint about my tv to samsung
can you notify the event in my calendar
where should i go for mexican food in me area
yes agree.
book a first class ticket in the next train to miami
any one will be ok for me.
remove upcoming task
lets go nazi hunting
please ring the wake up alarm at eight am next saturday
is the road in some particular area wide or narrow
prepare email for susan
have a anyinput day
what are the best italian restaurants in los angeles
how many dollars is in pounds
show todays reminders
dubai marriage
play the last song from my most recent playlist
it is nine here what time is it in california
turn off my alarms
open harrypotter audiobook and play from last played
delete my to do list
siri what does obstacle mean
play rummy
are there any events going on close by
run the vacuum
disable smart socket
Where is miami
turn up the lights in the living room
do i have new likes
are there any good movies running in nearby theaters
how do you like being my assistant
can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing
show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
i was not so clear about your answers.
how would you describe the sun
do the knicks have a game at home tonight
u. s. d. to g. b. p.
i feel like playing chess can you play that
please will you check last thing said.
give me instructions on how to cook chicken
search for nearby chinese restaurants
search the item
what plays are showing at the theatre
can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at ten am time
can you add a new email to my contacts
has john replied to my facebook post
cancel the plan of party
tell me the local events
turn off the light
list all set alarms
turn off wifi when you leave home to save power
please dim the lights in the bedrooms
add ashley to the wedding invite list
play one thousand and thirty seven fm
mute yourself until i say otherwise
siri what is dollars in yen
are there any unread emails from patrick
does vocelli's do takeaway
does contact mona has an email as well
turn on vacuum cleaning
i'd like a coffee now
could you please turn off the overhead light in the kitchen
i want you to play this game for me
show me the alarms i set
turn off lights in bedroom
the definition of life
book a taxi for me
find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup
did you get what i just said correctly?
ask if deliver
what is the traffic situation right in broadway street
you've done it right thank you so much.
when i get home can you please order a pizza
what highly rated movies are playing this weekend
once again clarify me about your answers please.
current song rating three stars
book me on a train leaving penn station tomorrow travelling to any city more than two hundred miles away
where is the statue of liberty located
play the client by john grisham
turn down the lights
i would like to know the meaning of word
order general t'so eggroll to go
what year what the eiffel tower built
what's my favorite music at the moment
how many pounds would i get for dollars
i have a meeting at noon today
please check all new email of income tax department
how is traffic over the donner summit now
remove john's birthday from the calendar
what is twenty percent of one hundred and twenty
that's useful, thank you very much.
delete an item
i am ready to hear the next episode of podcast
could you tell me it once again please.
set event on recurring
turn on the coffee pot
that must be some mistakes.
tell me what time it is right now
open td ameritrade
don't speak for a while
read the list
set volume to zero
play green day
give me options for indian carryout under dollars
what is the latest traffic report for miami
check mom's number
remember i've ordered a cake for tonight's birthday party let me know the status please
play only particular singer songs
how do you make pasta
what is the factorial of x
please turn the lights up to eight
are there any events going on nearby
can you make a red shade of light in the living room
recommend a local steak restaurant
has mike sent me an email
Show me articles about the new iphone eight
please turn off all the lights in the house
google train tickets to washington dc
who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting
are there any updates on facebook
i need more light
delete my appointment tomorrow
remove next meeting today in my calendar
save the email to my contact
i appreciate it, that's great job.
one pm removed
that is excellent.
tell me about neal adams
it's fantastic, thanks.
go to the list and remove item
please add an email for john doe to my contacts johndoe@yahoo dot com
could you calculate five plus five
alter the color of the lights at home
will the restaurant deliver the order
how many emails today
order pizza from domino's
set an alarm for five am
chane light colour to green
do i need to wear a coat today
show me the train schedules to the metropolitan opera house
what song is currently playing
lower the volume please
when does the train from kansas city to iowa leave
subtract sixty from two hundred and forty four
facebook
show me cooking websites
julie's information
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
cease operating lights
convert one dollars to rupees
play songs by adele
start radio
send message via email
i would like this alarm permanently removed
what is my daughter's phone number
remove all the events on my calendar
what's the capital of tanzania
play hip hop songs
were the stocks rising or declining
blanket definition
what you have said is not so clear.
what did i put down already on the walmart list
recipe please
can you book a train ticket for my mother
tweet real donald trump that angela merkel will not shake his hand anymore
are there any good social events happening in my area
how many alarms are currently on my phone
alarm for ten am
check for recent news stories on msnbc
set alarm for six am tomorrow
dammit, i think incorrect response.
is hayden still living on turnpike lane
cnn
place an order for a combo platter from china buffet
what days are my alarms set for
is there anything special going on nearby
get me the local train timing to destination cstm
where is a walking trail near me
book a train ticket for one one way for this tuesday at nine am
too loud
i want dimmer lights
what is the wake up time for my alarm i have set for the flight this weekend
go silent for a day
open stock price for name
tell sean i appreciate him reaching out to me
what conducts heat better copper bottomed pots or cast iron
please make a coffee
ally please play pandora radio
you are so helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
play music playlist
abolish an item from list
please give me detail of one yen equals dollar
power on wemo
what's hot social media topics
s2, i was not so clear about what you said now.
what alarms have i set for tomorrow
anything will be good with me, olly.
i need the times for the south bound train on allison rd
how much traffic is there right now in bowery street
will you stop please.
mention the time in canada now
start coffee at six am
please turn the lights off in the bathroom
could you please book me a taxi going to location
remind me to water my plants every tuesday thursday and saturday
would you check and confirm detail please.
give the shortest route to the airport
s2, i was not clear about that.
you have done it perfectly.
tell me my music likes
what are the local concerts tonight
how many kilograms is two hundred and ten pounds
search if the restaurant does take out
i'd like you to remember that i like this song
whats a good joke
shit, that isn't what i wanted.
tell me all the current events in my hometown
i want to listen to soft rock
olly i would like you just stop it.
that is helpful, thanks.
tell me formula for area of circle
let us try your last things once more please.
resume the last played audiobook
can i see the previous episode
what is the current price of jindel stock
when does panama city mall open
can you brighten the lights for me
send an email to my boss about my leave
play music from good playlist
robot vacuum cleaner on
what is the total number of oceans in the world
evaluate today's schedule
tell me the top stories in the news
what are the train times today
adjust media volume up
please remind me about the event later five pm
shift the light off
get me a taxi to the airport right now
please check email from my boss
what is fourteen divided by two
recommend artists similar to rihanna
schedule a meeting with reeta today evening at five pm
again elaborate.
create new contact with email
tell me about this person
i need to hear the volume of the current music
can they do delivery
order pizza for delivery
softer
power up the vacuum
oh no, i think you have done a task wrong.
please let me know the morning alarm time for weekdays
what is exchange for the us and euro
write a tweet telling macy's that they should be shutting down instead of jcpenney
can you look up train ticket prices for me
yeap you get that perfectly.
jane doe
give me current information about traffic at central park road
please could you tell me once more.
currency conversion of u. s. d. and eur
please raise the volume of speaker
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
will you say once again please.
do i have any private messages on any social media
tell me the music that is playing
buy a train ticket to
what does one plus
make light color red
book me a train ticket to new york city on the third i don't care what time
thank you for your response, olly.
tell me distance between sun and moon
inform me about the most popular rom com movie playing now in theatres across new york
who is the song playing by
do you recommend any movies that are currently playing in me area
could you rephrase me about your response again please.
would you try the last one spoken one more time again please.
is yemen closer to japan or india
turn the left light off
i heard ale just got married can you please show me the wedding pictures on their instagram
describe a romantic love
i want to hear the book written by the mother of the shooter at columbine
play true love next
what is the best movie to watch this weekend
new friends request details
have no idea for which to select, olly.
how is the traffic right now
should i go through the valley or on the ten to get to westwood
play the miami heat and warriors game
what events are happening near me
i need a taxi to take me to the airport please
please reply to my boss most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum
say a good joke for me right now
give me a movie for tonight
did i get an email from sarah
what is a canadian dollar worth in the us
go to www dot metronorth dot com for train tickets
get rid of peas
raise the volume of my music player by fifty percent
shit, not correct.
send tweet via message to cardinal cafe and tell them their customer service is outstanding
tweet consumer service
please clear out my calendar completely
how many yen for each dollar
change the music mode to rock
can you turn that down
what is the weather like in grand rapids mi
start over.
it doesn't really matter, olly.
show trains and time to ny
google please be extra quiet the baby is sleeping
whatever would be good.
what is charles's email
what is the song currently playing
next train to dc
what is the currency conversion charges applicable
tell me the best recipes for a given dish
show me a video on cooking fried chicken
book a train tickets for me
show me movie times
what are the traffic conditions on the one hundred and one
do you know what day it is
pawel prepare the meeting with john
start a cup of coffee for me
turn down the brightness
add this channel to pandora
play me some podcasts about getting rich quick
i'd like to listen to ninety nine point five
please will you clarify me more on it.
can you define this word
take away my alarm for tomorrow at four thirty am
what is traffic to work now
that's all, stop.
what is current traffic in ohio
i can't get that.
play all songs by martina mcbride
sorry but that's not the correct response.
how do i make meatloaf
what are trending topics on twitter right now
will it rain
olly that would be all.
add email address iamironman@gmail dot com
thanks but i think you don't understand this correctly.
tell me that once again.
start vacuuming
remove this from the list
what movies are out this week
please activate my vacuum to clean the living room
what's traffic likexchange on four hundred and forty one
please check this info on geographics for me
remove cereal from my shopping list
can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in west philadelphia
tell me the artist name
reply to john's email today saying i will be late
clear all from my iphone
is traffic heavy on route eighty today
switch to eastern time zone
how far above sea level is denver
i did not want you to send that text yet wait until i say send
bedroom lights off now
what is the us dollar euro exchange rate
do you know math
please skip to the next song
you are leading me into wrong.
get more information on geographic information about this place
latest events
olly please would you shut off.
please will you check details.
you have done your understanding correcly.
clear this list
set an alarm for two pm
can you do nine plus two
set the living room lights to fifty percent
wonderful job, you have done well.
confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
what is the answer to four plus four
add this person's email
unmute my sound
that's not what i just said.
check my list
set an alarm for tomorrow morning at eight
i want to hear a yo mama joke
open vacuum cleaner
what is the name of this musical group
cheering me up
what is amber stevens address it is in my contacts
just how bad is traffic on my commute
where should i avoid this morning
get me a local restaurant
how many dollars are in a euro
olly turn the volume up
save my music preferences
what awards did erica grebe win last night
yeah answer was correct.
tell me the train ticket price of california to chicago
olly shut down please.
book taxi for now
repeat same song for ten times
what can i cook with broccoli and chicken
keep quiet
i want coffee
prepare my morning coffee
are there any accidents today
please send mom an email saying that i can make it next week
olly would you shut off.
noodles one pack make it as takeaway
please add one plus one
update me on stock price of this company stock
please change the color of the light in the bathroom
can you get me a taxi home
please set an alarm at six am
tell me what's happening on social media
send golden taxi to pick me up as soon as possible
create a new list please
start playing again
can you book me a train ticket to bombay for tomorrow in any train
hello you have a send an email to someone
send an email to bill that i'm sorry i didn't realize he was so sick
olly's command is incorrect.
what movies are playing nearby
what is the definition of problematic
enable shuffle
ring the alarm when i get home
please call a taxi to arrive at four hundred and take me to the manor theater
what is level of traffic at washington
start the satellite music feed
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at seven am
i was not so clear about what you've said.
play a party music list
is it snowing in seattle
can i get a cup of coffee
at what temperature should i bake cookies
have i received any emails since noon
can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather
turn program on xmtune
clean my calendar
did you set the alarm for five am
shall i change my car tyres to snow tyres soon
tell me about sean connery
don't get this.
turn on the lamp
cook some coffees
what is the temperature i am supposed to cook this lasagna at
compile information on the data breach
i would like the like in the kitchen to be a different color
i would like to have a sushi can you order me a lunch
order me some chipotle
olly can you shut up please.
please make me coffee without sweetener
please check if paradise does takeaway
can you please switch off the lights
turn the lights blue at three pm
whatever is good.
searching on holidays in my location
read me the last email from stefan and oil change
olly that's all.
send a mail to alex asking about the due payment
resume audiobook
famous person biographies
describe london for me please
describe a tomatillo
play candy crush with me
what is the traffic like right now
raise lights to full power
what's going on on wall street this week
did anybody post on facebook today
make a cup of coffee for me
please see if chili's has delivery
increase brightness by twenty percent
do i have any new emails from my dad
how big is the tower of london
today i couldn't find my phone
events in the local area
look up what this word means
share me a joke
i want to hear the latest podcast episode of s town
shut off my living room plug socket
start vacuuming now please
what's new in facebook
add apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contact list
does restaurant has home delivery
start and email to john smith
start chapter seven of alma
delete all events and content from my calendar
s1, please once again clarify to me.
that would be all.
find apple pie recipe
please read me my alarms
find the events
go to social media and post the following status
email my meeting details to my manager
play tunes
is there anything left on my list
review all alarms
save my contacts
change the light in the bathroom to yellow
start reading book
thank you so much, olly.
draft an email to kailey about work later
where is yellowstone park
what's the address for alex
what does the word hypocrisy mean
make a new list for me
yeap correct response.
which event should i attend in my area
events in me area
what's the latest news about us election
turn coffee maker on
tell me when the hockey game tickets are for
time to hear me some blake shelton
can you book an uber for me
i like music
continue the smurfs book
buy a train ticket to cleveland for april fourteenth
u. s. d. to yen
are there any alarms going off today
off mobile charger plug
could you please check that.
do i have an email from person a
turn off the alarm
what time is it in another city
please try the things one more again.
radio one thousand and twenty seven
make a new contact with this email
how me the highest weather this week
tell me the time when punjab mail will reach gwalior
i want to have a new playlist of songs
what is the size of the united states
cancel business meeting on wednesday
what is a peso worth in dollars
how many minutes do i need to wait to pick up my food from china on the go
what is the stock price of amazon
i want you to play the podcast
could you confirm my last instruction please.
please get the coffee machine to make me some coffee
directions please
i don't mind to select any one.
what events are in me area
confirm that the alarm is set for tomorrow
crockpot recipe for chicken alfredo
could you make a train ticket for me
start bbc radio
please play some songs for kids
what pubs are close to me
give some of delete in today events
you are star, thank you.
will you check and confirm that please.
email dad how is the weather this week
play next reason podcast
check if i have set any alarm for morning
what are today's highlights from facebook
song info
display available lists
tell me the movie with best imdb ratings going on in theatres near me
book me a cab
when is the last train today
wake me up at five am this week
i need you to mark next monday
send an email to my friend say birthday wishes
set my alarm for six thirty in the morning tomorrow
recite the schedules of the list
alert me at ten am please
get me tom's number
currency exchange
what is time of indianapolis express
tell me the time
start play
add jpearsonjessica@gmail dot com to email contacts
save my spotify preferences
can we play twenty questions
it's perfect job, musch appreciated, olly.
what is the time of the morning train headed to chicago
turn corner light on
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and japanese yen
i need to find a gift what stores are within a one mile radius
turn on the vacuum cleaner while i am gone
call china king chinese restaurant
you are so smart.
just stop please.
tell me my lists
is it currently raining
after this song play atmosphere
what is time now in california
change the color of my porch lights to green
confirm my alarm settings
how often does the train arrive and depart from penn station
play music true love
is dinner ready yet
coffee please
erase events
it was nice one, thank you very much.
play chess
I'd like to play UNO with you
what movies are being shown at the regal cinema
what's the time in new york
how many miles in five kilometers
tell me what time it is in dallas texas
that's not the correct answer.
i am sorry but it's not the right answer.
don't mind.
ask a restaurant in me area
read to me
what's happening in town tonight
that is all, just stop.
tell me the name of this song
open music player settings
olly would you shut up please.
turn off my first alarm
please tell me the main points of my two hundred meeting from this afternoon
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
i don't want to attend the dinner on march first any more so could you remove it from my agenda
hey reply a mail which i received
yes it's confirmed.
has wendy posted on facebook
make a coffee please
what day is it today
what is the best pizza near me that delivers
that is enough.
please reply to my colleagues mail about his query
get command exactly.
remove the last item
go to setting
make the lights pink at the house
add a new contact for daniel bell dbell@aol dot com
vacuum the living room carpet
i want to know everything that breaks about the dam breaking in california
read me the most updated news on bbc
set an alarm for one pm
look up for the residential address of my team leader
disable alarm for three pm
play the next recording
that's helpful,.
please would you cancel.
what does the traffic look like headed to la
load a fun game that i can play with you
yeah great response to command.
i think you didn't understand me.
send an email to peter and ask him how is he now can i do something to help him
prepare a new list
what should i make for dinner
how high is the s n. p
get rid of item on the list
turn the light off in the living room
sorry but you have messed up the command.
is traffic heavy
store opinion on song
delete my list
how many contacts do i have in my phone book
is it true that susan's birthday is on march first
clean my house
i want the lights less brighter
show me my reminders
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
define swerving
tell me a joke about birds
what is the length of amazon river
start the radio now on low volume
did i get any replies from jan
add meet with dave at subway on weber on four april at five pm
set reminder for tomorrow for this item
has anyone tagged me in a photo on facebook
shit, not correct response.
make me coffee in five minutes
it's helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
can you reply to the email
please rephrase again to me.
give me election updates
i need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone
have i set any alarm for today
book a train ticket to city leeds
delete an last event reminder of twenty ninth of march twenty seventeen
load sirius and play a rock and roll show
remove my event at one pm in my calendar
what are the names of all my saved lists
what is the date and month today
tweet customer service not good for lpg service in my twitter account
where seth lives
please explain again to me.
where is the food festival tonight
please show me a list of entertainment options in my area
what is the plan for tonight
show time in china
i want to listen to the new sam harris episode
repeat music
how much is five dollars worth in euros
who won the sports game last night
nice music
add new items in the remainder list
i need a train ticket to rome book ticket
oh no, i didn't say it.
tweet my complaint about my truck to consumer digest
show todays events in new york
yeap right response.
i find rap music really enjoyable
turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
please show me the local weather
can you please confirm what said.
it would be nice if you post status for me
tell me who wrote this song
play the radio station rock one hundred and eight
delete the next event in the calendar
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
tell me the exchange rate of ten dollar to euro
is the anniversary event on twenty second of this month true
oops, you did not get me.
any one would be good to me.
could you please confirm the details.
update the calendar with the last event removed
unmute
is there life on other planets
give me the headlines from sky news
please wake me up at seven thirty am
play animal farm
tell me random joke
give me some lavender toned light
when can i pick up my chinese food
why are whales big
remind me about my monday meeting with peter francis fifteen minutes before the meeting
i want coffee everyday
make a calendar entry for next saturday at ten am please
open calendar and erase all events for all months
please repeat that.
turn on my wemo socket
you rock, musch appreciated.
what are my new contact emails
which is the next event coming up
please set alarm for all days
can you set my alarm for seven thirty am
time zone between india and us
would you check and confirm last thing said please.
cnn headlines
play checkers with me
what is the time in india when the time in us is twelve pm
what's next on my list
prepare coffee
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
I'll take my coffee, black
please can you confirm details.
please change the volume to mute
send email to nancy about tomorrow's work party details
is it going to be cloudy in london during the weekend
book for me a train ticket to washingdon dc
what is traffic like right now
what's happening in world news today
remove all alarms if any
please scan my social media and tell me what's happening
look up news articles about trump
remove the alarm for tomorrow
reduce volume
play hot ninety seven
stock prices of rolls royce
delete all scheduled events
go to radio
s1, explain further please.
what is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
let wendy's know i hate them
please keep quiet for the next hour
brighten up the lighting
olly please would you just stop it.
hi can you please turn lower the lights
recommend a movie which is released last Friday
please search for beginners guide to cooking
can i get an uber home from the fox downtown as soon as possible
mute the living room speakers
kung fu panda three
i want to know more about this person
review the alarms i have
i think you made mistake, please change this.
perfect response to command.
call a taxi to pick me up right now
can you check and confirm what said please.
turn on the robot vacuum
show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
open spotify and play list five
does arby's do takeaway
this doesn't really matter to me.
that is unimportant.
wine shop
weather report of the week
thanks but i think you have gotten me not correct.
how many degrees is it in orange tx right now
what is the latest news from cbs
carlos linux upgrade email
play the local r. n. b. radio station
did sara tried to call me
please delete the shopping list
how long should i simmer rice for
dim lights in living room
did ashwin joined party yesterday
start the laundry
provide what is there on the list
olly talk to you later on.
tweet complaint
what the conversion rate from yen to us dollars
what time is it in denver
will you please show me my lists
open jokes
have i received any emails from beth
can you see if there any trains going to
brew me a cup of coffee
please add deodorant to my shopping list
repeat the current song
when did beyonce and jay z get married
where is an olive garden that does takeaway
give a last minute update on incoming emails please
hey start vacuum cleaner robot
move to the next song in the list
tweet to mcdonalds saying that i found a hair in their burger
what is the root of 16
bring the lights down a bit
please tell me once more.
reduce the strength of the bedroom lights
brighten the lights in the hallway
play racing
tell me the recipe for yellow rice
what did you mean by saying this.
you've got the command exactly.
start email
read the ticket for tesla
please remove my list of favorite albums
add mop to hardware store list
tell me what is on my list
open songs by prince
lower volume of music player
give me today's calendar events after six pm
who wrote this song
i would like to solve maths issues
can you turn off wemo plug socket
change color
i hate how long the traffic jams get
decrease the volume to ten percent
remove grocery list
what is the latest headline news from this newsource
can you boil the kettle
i would like to pickup a veggie sub with a cookie from subway
what are some good restaurants near by
nope, it's not the correct command.
yes that is confirmed.
does fongs have delivery
play episode ten in the podcast
are there any crafts fairs happening in this area
delete meeting
what gun shows are in tulsa
show alarms
are there any new emails from robert jones
get me a coffee
what is the time in london
what is the current time in london
decrease the volume to ten
set up an alarm clock at one pm
people canceling iowa vacations over congressman's words
you've done that right.
could you please check what said.
it's fantastic, musch appreciated.
thumbs up this song
remove my meeting today at one pm
bring up a new shopping list
book a cab for new york
are there any new emails received after four o'clock today
what is the name of that song
save my music choices
open my list
convert one euros to us dollars
what is the title of the song
will you explain me more on what you just said please.
what kind of music do you think i like
please could you tell me that comment said once again.
olly just stop please.
stock price for gss energy
i want to eat some spicy thing
please turn on my vacuum cleaner
increase the volume so that i can hear it in other room
domino's has takeaway right
please check my gmail for new mail
are there any new snapchats
are there any accidents on my way to work
read my grocery list
please add list of things to buy for party
take note of today as my first date with bob
lower the lights in bedroom two
i will talk to you later.
train schedule
will there be snow tomorrow
can you play rfi
can you put the lights on the high setting
please add this email to my contacts
wemo plug socket on
contact pizza hut and order a large pizza with ham and mushrooms
you have understood my instructions exactly.
maximum kilometer to delivery
s2, could not get what you have said.
shit, you've done a task wrong.
get rid of my eight am alarm
please speak that one more again.
can you tell me the current time in dallas texas
i have no idea for which to choose.
confirm the last thing said please.
olly please cancel.
i want a coffee now
can you direct me to the menu for the highest rated chinese carryout near me
grocery list add eggs
got it exactly.
bring up papa pear saga
please delete the wednesday evening alarm
how many dollars are there in a g. b. p.
i'm looking for some dress shows can you find clothing stores within one mile
clean my entire calendar
tell me what lists i have
tell me amd stock prices
i'm done with today's to do list
buy train ticket
start cleaning robot cleaner
hey olly make me laugh with a good joke
current time new york
what alarms do i have set
please proceed to the next available rock song
coordinate all pop song genres
recommend songs based on my playlist
is euro the best currency to trade
please confirm it.
retry the instruction spoke please.
tell contact mobile number
show me all scheduled alarms
can you start the coffee machine for me
put the news on bbc
please send email to pawel with reminder
can you turn on the vacuum
make sure bread is on my grocery list
please would you check instruction.
what movies are playing in columbia
mute for the next hour please
Has john sent me any new emails
check email for otp sent by my bank
i'd like to hear the last utterance spoken again.
outlet on
find funny jokes
i'd like to hear that sentence spoke again.
can you tell me what kind of show can i go tonight in miami
send email to bill asking to reschedule
give me the exchange rate between japanese yen and the australian dollar
generate fresh list
how about you save this music
i want to play fifa seventeen
please will you confirm command.
tweet a disgusted face about mcdonalds
can you please download my podcast file available in internet and play it once
bring me ticket of train to city leeds
info of the upcoming events
what week of the year does the summer season start
play that podcast i was listening to yesterday
tweet to ikea costumer service the following i'm not happy with this new klm product
vacuum living room
i would like to hear some good funny jokes
please define forensic
give me the latest updates
get me train times to location from station
remind me if i miss my evening walk routine
please turn the volume down
s2, i was not clear about it.
how do you zest a lime without a zester
well done,.
what is the highest mountain in the world
can you put the vacuum on
play lady by kenny roger
march tenth lands on what day of the week
tell me when the next alarms are for
book for me a train ticket to new york
next episode of nyt podcast
remove standup on Friday at ten am
Olly save all the songs i have listened to more than once
i need to make a list
i do not really mind for whatever.
keep playing the episodes in order
My weekly plan
what is the meaning of this word
s1, rephrase this further.
we are going to play poker together
what's the recipe for fried chicken
don't let me forget tomorrow's meeting with sheila
what is the linear equation
show me the current traffic nearby me
change your colors to green
are there any available train tickets to reserve
hey what is the definition of survey
by ten to eleven am daily start my vacuum cleaner
turn off kitchen light
what time is it in singapore
show u. s. d. currency value of euro
tell me if taco bell delivers
please search for events in my location
please place my new email address to the contact
olly cancel yoga alarms
what you said now was not clear.
i love kfi so much he's by far my favorite
could you elaborate me more on your response please.
tell me some joke
logan
i'd like you check my last question please.
clarify further on that to me please.
post a complaint via twitter to cvs pharmacy
yes you get your understanding perfectly.
please add to my contact lists and send them a reminder email
what's my stock fluctuations
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
which contact haven't i called in twelve months
what's still on the list
what is the name of this song playing right now
i didn't catch that.
please tell me about upcoming alarms
is the alarm to the backdoor set and ready to go
let me see my alarms
book an uber to pick me up outside of long island bar right now
what music is this
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep
it is useful, thank you.
prepare to send an outgoing reply message
what are the train times from san francisco to new york
what is on the list for today
olly i said call jack not jake.
create new list
add my spin class to the calendar for Saturday at seven am
what meetings are available in march
please let's start over.
can you raise the lights for me please
call china wok
book me a train ticket to chicago for tomorrow morning before ten
find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
what is two plus four
make lights brightener
add paav bhaji in menu card
please would you confirm detail.
please search for dining tables
play me a random audio book that has to do with love
give me the details on elton john
please activate the vacuum cleaner
order two cheeseburgers from wings n. ale on university drive
link me to jeff's email
where is the closest restaurant
what is traffic like
did any emails come for me in the last five hours
add this new email
what is a stock price of tata
find dinner with mom on my calendar and delete it
i need to know all of the emails from contact pertaining to subject
about reality in world
yeap it is confirmed.
what the traffic condition outside my office
one am set
what is the time in australia right now
where can i go shopping here
add contacts n mail
i need a good shop
you've done it right appreciated.
this is a good tune please notate file accordingly
are the streets congested right now
give me my facebook update every three hours
i've heard this riff before what song stole this riff it's exactly the same
play my playlist
what is a good lave to eat near me
now it's five thirty pm in india what about the time in ivory coast
can i find out information about a contact
turn off the upstairs lights
Add pick up kids from school to my to do list for today
please clarify once again.
is the largest ocean in the world the pacific
how many alarms do i have set
free home delivery
which teams are playing today in the premier league
can you please order some food for me
check all new emails in my inbox
what are the upcoming reminders
tell me a joke about aliens
i need a ride home
when indianapolis express will reach indiana
i couldn't get what you've said.
please clear jeff's birthday from the calendar
check my email messages
change light colors
what is happening with brexit today
what is a good way to make steak
twenty minus ten
brew me some coffee
explain how to set my coffee machine
annie could you please search the internet and play the videos for cooking italian food
can you try what i just said again.
how soon is my anniversary
i can't see anything
would you check and confirm the question please.
send an email to my boss and attach the presentation file with it apologize for being late
time in chicago
what did the s n. p close out at
start radio play
what time does the train arrive
would you replay please.
what is my email from steve about
give me the stock price for tommy hilfiger
play the latest song adele
s1, again elaborate me on what you have just said please.
i wish i could play video games together
do you know any joke
get today's weather report
the music of this song is very melodious and relaxing
wait, this is not the correct answer.
when will my food be ready
dim the lights to level two
how is the traffic around city center
exchange rate of euro with dollar
can you turn up the volume on itunes
am i free between six to seven pm
turn down volume twenty percent
hi what kind of pictures you uploaded in pinterest
if i have a dablune how many dollars is that
did you get the last thing i said correctly?
is there any event around
set a new alarm for that time
turn up the volume on the music
i need you to book a train ticket that leaves at two pm
snapchat
please turn off the lights in the bedroom
would you like to play a game with me
tweet consumer service that i am very disappointed with my recent interaction
can you book a train ticket for my father
would you check the details please.
will it be raining on thursday
book a taxi at my home address for right now
provide contact location
would you confirm the detail.
please explain space
what does pda mean
cancel tomorrow's meeting
could you dim the lights
what time does the train to iowa leave
listening song of arijit singh post it on my facebook account
how about some pizza tonight can you please order a pepperoni large
look to see if luigi's has takeaway
i don't need tesco item any more delete it
how's the weather today
send a tweet to company
start the oven
what is the traffic like
this was not what i am searching for.
do you have any suggestion action movies
traffic
make my calendar empty
delete my dentist appointment
any new interests from linda
brighten my bedroom light
please set the alarm for seven
start cleaning
resume mind reading book
will you please mute my speakers
remove grocery list please
prepare the order as soon as possible
continue playing my book of vitamins
healthy foods
hey order a pizza pie with extra cheese
dollar rate
remove the sms recipient which have initials s
yeah you've got my instructions right.
i'd like you check details please.
play tennis for me
takeaway status
tweet to the customer service account of starbucks
what events are going in my town this week
what are the events conducted in new york
do i have enough ingredients in my refrigerator
can you book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
i need to book a train ticket to la
what events are this week
please pause yourself
i think that's not correct answer.
traffic status please
freezing
email john smith
yes you got command exactly.
show me my meetings this Friday
how can i contact this person
please continue reading the hunger games
weather like
please turn off my alarm for this evening
what is the time difference between here and there
hey i met one of my old classmates today
latest updates
what is going on around me
update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
i need a good joke
clean the flat
current date please
can you add gloria to my list of clients
give me the morning news
list to do
i want volume on my speakers
play hurt by johnny cash next
cooking recipe
what is the exchange rate between the us dollar and the aus dollar
can the lights be changed to green
brighten the lamp next to the sofa
what does a soccer ball look like
set a two day notification before maria's birthday please
please check my coming up events
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
check if there any new email
play the podcast named ringcast
can you please confirm last thing i said.
i need to play sims
is snap doing good after the ipo
olly what songs have i listened to at least ten times
book an uber from my location to the theatre
what's on the list
the song in background is cool
can you check and confirm detail please.
please just cancel.
what's happening here
play all by the beatles
add chives to my shopping list
ocean eleven
show me my alarms i have set
today's jokes
turn off living room lights
what's the closing price of apple
can you speak a little louder
give me train times from station to location
please change the light colors to red
yeah you did the command correcly.
you have got my instructions right.
new exchange rate
what is motorola going for today
start play johns audiobook
s2, do not get the last sentence.
i want to see the twitter handler of samsung
what is the news about terrorist attack in afghanistan
can i get a recipe for tuna
next podcast
silent mode on for the next three hours
what is glass made of
wait, i think that's not the correct command.
yeap excellent response.
start irobot
list all emails with subject contract
can i get delivery from dominos
enable cleaner robot
set alarm at five am
object identifier
where is the nearest olive garden
is there a traffic jam on my route
include meeting in the list
change the lights in my home to orange
olly that is enough, cancel it.
update on email
dim the lights in the living room
cut the lights off
resuming playing my current audio book
does my calendar say i'm free on april one two thousand and seventeen
yeap you've done that right.
check and confirm the last thing said please.
make appointment for next friday
turn the lights up
set a reminder for tomorrow evening
i want to hear the radio
what day is the fifteenth
house change all lights to blue
add this one also
what time is my alarm set for
book my train ticket from las vegas to los angeles
add to calendar may two is mary's birthday repeat every year
cheer me up
rearrange that off the list
turn on plug
set notification for news on the stock market
do you think today will be nice out
resume play of american gods
would you again clarify me on it.
skip this episode
what part of the world is the safest
compile favorites list according to my song feedback
can you book an uber tomorrow
how much is indian rupee going against us dollar
list entry
did I set an alarm to have tablets in the noon
myspace
save all of my preferences information specific to songs
check email client
i took my truck to the shop
what is the email sent by this contact read
check facebook and twitter and tell me if anything interesting is happening
get sia's cheap thrills ready to play next
compose an email to parisa
what lists are in my notebook
best reviews restaurant in south sacramento
add rebecca green to my list of favorite contacts
turn up the volume
please tell me some international news
start podcast from my favorites list
post the following as a status on facebook
set my alarm for tuesday at six pm
mute volume
lighten the light
start playing american gods where i last stopped
what are my available lists
make the lights a different color
wemo plug socket off
what is the time in canada now
what were the cities affected by the earthquake
which film the music comes from what is the name of the music
i need you to book a taxi for me
give me the opening stock price of sony
please let me know where david is travelling
what is the home phone number for sarah
what is the home phone number of mark
is jimmie's party on friday cancelled
delete the list please
switch lights to red tone
has anyone commented on my status
next episode in podcast
please save the remarks i have on this current song
can you recommend some movies to watch in theater near me
Explain object
i want you to fast forward the audio then resume
set generic calendar event for next saturday at ten am
lower the light to forty percent
appreciate your helping, olly.
wouldn't know.
do you have a joke
send an email for me
turn up volume
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
turn on the rice cooker socket
tweet at koc your waiting time sucks
compose this email to this new email address
what are the traffic conditions currently
what is the latest from my feed
do you know any good jokes
how much for a train ticket
play my first favorite song on loop
where is the nearest italian restaurant
is there any good chinese takeout that's open late
please turn off right side of light
explanation of the song
badminton
refresh email
delete item
i need a good chick flick any thoughts
repeat album
what is left for today
refresh my list and tell me whats on it
that is unimportant with me.
anything is okay for me.
what genre is this
remove the alarm set for ten pm
turn lights off in bedroom
delete all appointments for tomorrow
can you play monopoly with me
please resume this playback in audiobook
open the weather app
it is unimportant for me, olly.
play sam harris audiobook
adjust light when i get home
any one is good, olly.
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
please remove list
am i free on sunday day
find me a description of morel mushrooms
would you shut off please.
turn on switch of wemo socket
olly that is all, just stop it.
clean the floor please
olly that is enough, stop it.
how long will it take me to drive to work today
add dan's email
what does joke mean
show me how to cook lasagna
i like top twenty music
tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long
i would like it if my robot could make money for me
remove my earliest alarm for tomorrow
yeap that was wonderful.
book me a train for the next available train
replay my last played podcast
find joel osteen's broadcast on sirius
yeah it's confirmed.
can i change this light to orange
create an alarm for today at ten am
get news from bbc
check and see what will be the weather condition in new jersey at eight am tomorrow
please will you reset.
would you please check question.
hey order two wings with french fries from the chinese food store
where is the closest mexican restaurant
please turn down the volume
is my alarm set for seven am
breaking news fox news
wemo socket on
economic affairs
play ping pong
recommend me some shops to shopping in angel
search for pizza nearby
today i had a lunch with my longtime sweetheart play me a nice song to the mood
what's the best clothes store here
what's the weather supposed to be like on wednesday
i like you to confirm question please.
i want to remove apples from list
no, you gave me not correct information.
any festivals in town at this time or in the coming week
update me on my emails
start over the book legacy
please play for me elvis presley song again
just let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
remove item four
book a taxi
read some more of the daisy goodwin book for me
open the grubhub app so i can order take out
tell me the meetings i have for the week
what else do i have on the list
i want to turn on the blue lights
i need to wake up make me the strongest coffee you can make
get me two train tickets from where i am now to dallas arriving before dark
be mute
olly cancel alarms
birth date for movie star keanu reeves
write complaint to wallmart
tell me what is on my grocery list for this week
how about you
meetings from twenty to twenty five june
could you clarify further on what you said now to me please.
set up uber
how much is one plus one
tell me the stock rate of hyundai
show me some food court nearest to my location
please olly put on multi colored lightning in my apartment set for festival diwali
could you please tell me the meaning for the item laptop
the time in cairo please
what is the definition of this
i am exhausted from work
can you say what you have said one more again.
turn off the light in the living room
let's play a game of trivia
add new year with family next week
play the health show on the television in the living room
my favorite music is rock from the early two thousands
what activities are taking place in my area
did angelina jolie leave brad pitt
remove the list called party time
is it colder than yesterday
s2, i don't get your words.
best ticket price air plane to chester on the twenty first
turn off my wemo plug
could you tell me what time it is
check my to do list
start radio and go to frequency on nine hundred and forty three
what's happening on bbc news today
check and confirm that please.
describe blanket
cancel all meetings for today
give five stars to this song
reminder about meeting from eight am to twelve pm
turn down media volume
save all songs from katy perry
prepare some cups of coffee for us
is it joes birthday soon
is there any salon in babaji nagar
tell what is the value of sin thirty
Show current local events
best bar in local area
what are the list of things i need to buy today
find my shopping list and delete it
send a taxi to come pick me up from my location
book a ride from new york to orlando covering ten places to see
send an email to george brown
find an uber on twenty ninth
retry the last spoken.
give me the news
tell me about the cheapest flight fares to nj today
anything is good to me.
rate u. s. d. to g. b. p.
do i have any missed call from patrick
olly please would you stop.
twelve am removed
tell me if i should use the train or bus to get across town today
this is unimportant for me.
book swan play
tell me items that are on my shopping list
please give me today's date
what's the time in dubai
thank you for the response, olly.
please delete this item
what happened last week
please could you replay.
could you play you don't bring me flowers
please tell me the news
hey can you please make me a creamy coffee
how would you describe a ball
resume playing the current audiobook
recommend me a restaurant in west chester
create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
please say one more time again.
compose email
tell me the current weather for danville il
lower the volume
time difference between uk and us
you told me the incorrect date please correct this.
what is the answer to two plus two
s2, i am unclear about what you have just said.
have i received any emails from my father
send reply thank you so much mom to mom
what's the time for neighboring city
email mahmoud
save the opinion that i just posted to this song
try to play old nineties classic music
on my calendar are there any birthdays
for how much is hp selling for
would you please check the detail.
yes you've done command exactly.
oh no, this was not what i was searching for.
if it's midnight in colorado what time is it in munich
olly could you shut down.
give me directions to get from here to crescent city brewhouse in new orleans
what is the event name going in me area
move to next episode
office lights off
will play chess
you should reply to the mail
s1, can you please again rephrase to me.
play the barney theme song
i would like to order takeaway
how do i get from my house to the target along I forty
is the birthday event on fifteenth of this month true
can you speak the command spoke one more again please.
i would like you to add an email to my contacts
want to play a game with me
clear my nine am alarms
beep when i get an email from john
repeat this song three times
can you lie
search for the correct game
what is one plus one
how did your day go
turn my morning alarm on
send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china
is that song from shakira
remove alarm if any
i would like to order some takeout
what does the analysts say about the new immigration policies
answer the equation eight times seven
is the road clear in florida
begin vacuum
what do i have scheduled for next week
please book the next taxi
remove vegetables from the list
did linda connors reply to any of my emails this morning
what's a good movie that's out right now
define god
tell how vegetable is cooked
how much philippine peso do i need to make fifty dollars
this is unimportant to me, olly.
olly will you stop it.
play this audiobook for me
do it again please.
dim the lights
start playing my song list
how's the traffic
tell me sum of five and six
any recent emails
play jumper by third eye blind
begin again book swan
check my social networks
what is a good place for cruise
what is the time difference between eastern and pacific time zones
i would be happy if you update me the events going on our area
turn off the lights in the living room please
i would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
play the list from my favorites
who sings the song that i am listening to right now
what are the big news stories on twitter
open up a new list
play the previous podcast
what type of event
i don't understand what you just said now.
take off my alarms
set an alarm for twelve
can i get takeout from pf changs
loop this track
email tom
delete all my calendar events
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
change the color of the lights
i need to see if i got any new email
delete all the events of today
send a reply to robert for his email received today morning
add every girl life by evelyn mayer to the must read list
remove all alarms set today
angry bird play
how much is apple stock worth
comcast sucks put that on their twitter account
tell me how to make garlic bread
call me for this meeting
yeap it's good.
post to facebook I'm home
please contact michael m from my list with this text
make the lights shine blue
how is the traffic now
i need a ride to the airport
stop and start over.
time mr coffee for six am
lower the light intensity
i need to get going at eight am tomorrow set up an alarm thirty minutes before that
alarm five pm tuesday
tweet your waiting time sucks tag koc
what are my lists so far
my coffee is cold please make more coffee
play program on xmtune please
find me someone
find events in local area
what day does april sixteenth fall on
ah it was great one, olly.
brighter
send email how are you dad to dad
schedule a sales meeting for wednesday at eleven am
