I don't know what pending transaction means.
When will the $1 transaction be credited to me?
Where can I find the verification code on a top-up card?
This disposable virtual card is not working.
Why is it important to verify a top-up card?
how come my transfer didn't work
How do I top up with cash?
What cards do you support
Do I need to speak to a representative to change my pin?
A payment shows up on the app that I never made.
Why hasn't my transfer been made?
My ATM transaction shorted me on cash, and I think the exchange rate was wrong. Did I receive the correct rate?
I have my residency in the US, but I would love to get a card.
Can I submit a check or cash payment?
I did not set up a direct debit I have
I noticed a different charge while I was taking my money out.
Why would a cash withdrawal still be pending?
My card payment still pending
Can you tell me what the cash withdrawal is in my statement?
I made a withdraw from the ATM this past holiday and it seems like a was charged too much. If I would have   known about these charges I wouldn't have made a withdraw.
I need to transfer money to my account from another bank
How do I close my account?
I think my phone is either lost or stolen.
There's an extra fee on my statement, why is that?
How long do I have to wait for a transfer from the US?
can i transfer money i the app
Is it necessary to verify my top up?
Who do I call to activate my new card?
When can I expect my refund?
How long will my top-up be pending?
Can I have it by a certain date?
I made a purchase and would like to get a refund for what I bought can you have the money put back in my account?
What is this fee showing up in my account for?
How do I modify my account details?
If my PIN number is rejected, how do I solve it?
Could google pay and top up be together?
How can my friend give me money?
Hello, there was an error while attempting top-up with my card this morning. I was able to use the card two days ago with no issues. Could you please assist?
Do you offer services for children to have money saving experience?
Is there a trick to get the disposable virtual card to work?
Are EUR exchanges allowed?
Hearing back from us regarding your important verification results may take 10 minutes to one hour time.  If verification results do fail, double-check to make sure all of your images are clear --  make sure your photos have no glare or blurring. Note: These photos need to be readable as well.  You also need to be 18 years of age or older.  You must be a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to open a new account.
Will you tell me how I am supposed to use the disposable cards?
Is the cash withdrawal going to show?
I lost my wallet and I think someone is withdrawing cash with my card. Please help. It is urgent.
Is it possible to have an item refunded?
What is the process to activate a card
I see some transactions that I don't recognize.  I think someone stole my details.
why do I have to show my ID
What methods can I use to top up my account?
daughter needs card, how do i add her
I need to change my data.
Does it cost anything for exchanges?
Can I put my found card back into the app on my phone?
What should I do once my card expires?
I just initiated a transfer but I'd like to cancel it.
I need to renew a card that's about to expire
I live in America, but I would like a card.
Do you have a list of cards and currencies you support?
I was wondering whether exchanging currencies can be done on this app.
How can I close my account, I don't want it.
What is the exchange rate like on this app?
Does the PIN come under separate cover?
I wanted to take out $100 but I only got $20.
My account is blocked, how do I log in now
I requested a refund from a merchant a while ago, and upon repeatedly checking my statement, the merchant has yet to refund me my money.  I don't know what's going on, or why the money is getting into my account--could you please help?
Where did this fee come from?
where do you find your exchange rates?
When will I receive my card?
Can I pick between Visa and Mastercard?
how do i avoid charges in the future
What are your supported countries?
Can you tell me where I can order a virtual card?
My receipt shows an extra charge on my transfer, why is this?
What currency's can i exchange for?
Why do you need so much information about my identity?
My transfer didn't arrive to the recipient
how come my withdrawal rate is wrong for my cash withdrawal
Please specify any limitations that come along with disposable cards.
What currencies do you offer?
Why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined, I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
How can i get multiple disposble cards.
I received an extra charge for using the card. Why?
Where is my recent refund in the my statement?
the exchange rate at which my card payment is at is wrong
I need help changing my last name on my account.
I want to get a virtual card!
do I need to verify my identity every time I log into my account?
Please cancel the latest ATM charge on my card as my card was declined earlier today and I did not receive that cash.
How much will I get with the exchange rate?
Do you ship cards to where I live?
What do I do if my phone is stolen?
Where are cards delivered to?
I am awaiting my refund
Help me activate my new card.
I bought some things in the morning but the payment shows as pending
I am tired of getting charged fees, and I have no idea why, please let me know what/when you charge fees for.
I made a card payment by my card but it failed. Please let me know when the payment will get completed as its still pending.
My card payment is showing pending.
Is there a fee for a cash withdrawal?
Do you charge a fee for topping up a card?
I have a pending transaction in my app. How is it still pending if I pulled the cash out from the ATM earlier?
I'm having an issue with transaction. I topped up my account and saw it went through, but that was a few days ago and the money isn't in my account any more. What's up with that?
I was supposed to get a refund but I do not see it.
I would like to verify the source of my money
Can I deposit money using Apple Pay?
What reasons could cause my top up to be reverted
What currencies can my account be in?
what currencies do you accept?
What fees to you have for top ups?
I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can that transaction be reversed? I am worried about accidentally giving my money away.
I have a direct debit I didn't set up
If my card is about to expire, do I need to order a new one?
I think that somebody is utilizing my card without my authorization!
I need help activating my new card.
A card payment on my account is shown as pending.
I purchases several items today. Why are they still showing pending?
How do I top up on my card?
Do you think you're asking for too much information about me?
how is it possible to add another card to account
What does the €1 fee mean?
What's the process for topping up by card?
I thought cash withdrawals didn't have a fee
Cancelling a transaction
How do I change to AUD from GBP?
Is there a way to change my PIN without having to go to the bank?
I would like to use cash to make a top-up?
How come you charge for cash withdrawals? I withdrew cash after buying groceries today, and there seems to be a new fee
oh my god I lost my card! what should I do?
How do I reset my password?
What is the procedure of unblocking my PIN?
Someone else charged my card!
My card is about to expire. What do I need to do?
Why hasn't my balance been updated? I've deposited a few cheques some days ago!
why does it take so long to verify my id
I am from X but am traveling to Y - how do I get currency for Y?
I got double charged from something, what can I do?
Will I get a visa or Mastercard?
Why is my cash withdrawal still pending?
You charged me more than once for the same transaction!
Why was the wrong rate applied when I bought something in a different currency?
The ATM sucked my card in.
I would like to delete my account.
Mastercard is preferred to me.
What is the extra fee that showed up on my card?
I transferred money to my account but it is not showing.
What do I do if my card is expiring soon?
What do you charge for an exchange fee?
What is an exchange rate?
After my checque or cash deposit, my balance didn't update.
How do I link one your card if I have one already?
Is it possible to change my address?
Do you accept exchanges to EUR?
Why do I get declined when I try to withdraw cash?
I moved, can I edit my personal details?
I am attempting to make a purchase online, but my card is not working.  I know there are funds available, is this an issue on the banks end?
I'm having money transferred from Europe, how long will this take?
Why was a fee charged to me for transferring money?
I can't get my card out of the ATM, what should I do now?
Please check my Card. As Withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. Can you please check the problem?
I topped up but the app declined it
I just found out from the seller that my money didn't go through. I checked my account and it was deducted at first but now it's back in my account. Can you  please fix this for me quickly?
Why am I being charged a hidden fee?
Will there be a charge when money is added to my account?
What is the procedure to transfer money to my account?
Why am I being charged to make cash withdrawals? I thought they were supposed to be free!
I think the payment from my card was revereted
Why does the app revert a payment?
Do exchanges cost more?
why did i only get 20.00
why was my transfer declined
Can I change my PIN without being physically present?
What steps do I take to verify my identity?
I have to verify the source of my funds
What should I do if I lost my card?
I would like to top up my account with a bank transfer, is that allowed?
What's the process to receive a second card?
Where did my top-up go? I can't find it in my wallet
What does top-up verification do?
Do you provide currency exchange to Euros?
My payment did not go through because the app reverted it
Is it possible to use Apple Pay to put money in my account?
I made a cash withdrawal and was charged a fee incorrectly can you help with this?
I pulled cash from the ATM earlier. Why is it still pending if I already have the cash?
How can my friend pay me?
There are automatic debits on my account that I did not make.
Why check my identity?
I thought that transfers are free. Why was I charged an extra fee?
I sent a transfer to a friend that needs it urgently. It has already been 2 hours and still hasn't come through to her. How long does it normally take?
Why are fees charged for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. There's a new fee that there.
So earlier I went to an ATM and got cash. But when I checked the app, it states that the withdrawal is pending. How can that be when I have the cash on me?
The balance does not appear to have updated.
I think a payment I made with a card was cancelled.
my cash withdrawal is pending, why?
Tried using my ATM card earlier at one of your locations for the first time.  It didn't work.  What is going on?
I paid two weeks ago and just got refunded
Will this card work all over the world?
Can I use your app to exchange between USD and GBP
Hi, I have been transferring money to my friends since morning, but all my transactions were getting failed. Can you please look into this issue.
If my card payment isn't working what do I do?
It looks like my card payment might have been reverted.
Is it normal to see a fee for transferring money?
I don't recognize a debit payment that was made and would like to find out about the payment.
Are there any limits on where I can use my card?
I have a payment listed in error.
What places will accept my card for payment?
Are there specific ATM's I can use with this card?
I tried activating my bill of fare and it didn't workplace
how can i get it to add money automatically while travelling
I can't find my phone and I'm worried someone is going to use it
Can I do more than 10 transactions with a disposable card?
I tried to purchase airline tickets online this morning and my card information isn't working. Is there something going on with my account?
I wanted to withdraw $100 from the ATM but I only got $20
my phone has been stolen by someone
What is the transfer fee charge?
How do I edit my details?
Cancel a transaction
I was spending cash with my card and got a fee.
Why did you revert my top-up?
what can I do if I got my American Express in Apple Bay but top up is not working?
I topped up my card but the app rejected it.
I got notified that my top up has been reverted. Why?
Where is the verification code display?
Can you please explain how to transfer money using the bank transfer process?
What happened to the cash that I tried to deposit into my account? It's gone!
The exchange rate you are using is really bad. This can't possibly be the official interbank exchange rate.
Are there ATM fees?
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my international withdrawal?
It's been two weeks, why has the transaction for $1.00 not been reversed?
Can I use this all over the world?
Do you have the best exchange rate?
I don't want to buy this car anymore, can I cancel the transaction and get a quick refund back?
Where do I find my code to verify my top-up card?
I got topped up but the application reverted it.
Is there a maximum for top-ups?
I received my new card.  Where is it in the app?
I have been charged an extra fee when buying from your store. Why is this?
I am unable to transfer money. I believe it is not working because it states it was declined.
My card payment has been pending for a long time now. Why is it taking so long to take. It should have already made it through.
I need to order a new card as my other one was stolen.
Is there a way to tell where the money came from?
Is there a reason my transfer failed?
What are the reasons for a declined transfer?
I received a fee for obtaining cash, is this correct?
What do you need so I can verify my identity?
My new card came in.  How do I activate?
atm would not give me cash
I'd like to know how transferring my money into my account works.
I left my phone somewhere and can't use the app.
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
how long does it take to reflect in my balance a top up
Is it possible for me to track the card is was mailed to me?
Why haven't I gotten my new card?
I topped up but it didn't complete
Will I receive all the money sent to my account by SEPA transfer?
What is the reason that my card payment was cancelled?
What is your shipping policies for cards?
There are two of the same charge on my statement.
My top is still pending.
Tell me what ATMs use this card.
I noticed that there was an extra charge fee on my account. Could You explain to me why?
How much does it cost to do a transfer?
Why is my exchange rate wrong?
I've made more than one attempt to make a purchase and the card keeps getting declined. Why do you keep denying my transfers?
Is there any way for you to find my card?
If my phone is missing, can I block someone from using the app?
How can I exchange currencies in the app?
Why did my top up not work?
I recently got charged twice from a restaurant that I was at this week and I would like for one of those payments to be removed from my account.
The transfer that I was trying to complete was declined. What was the cause?
how do I get a disposable virtual card?
Could you help my figure out the exchange fee?
There is a pending transaction on my account for when I tried to get money from the ATM earlier and it did not work. Can you fix this?
My PIN has been blocked.
I was wrongfully charged one pound.
How do you top up with a cheque?
What is the exchange looking like?
I haven't seen the cash yet from the cheque I deposited.
What countries do your services support?
My card is lost! What do I do now?
I'm interested in learning more about disposable virtual cards.
I got cash abroad and need to check the exchange rate
My account is depleted. Can I transfer funds from another bank?
I attempted to withdraw some money from an ATM this morning and received the wrong amount. Your app says I have enough money available in the account. Can someone tell me what's wrong?
Which flat currencies can I use from you?
I would like to exchange currencies, but is there an extra charge to do so?
It seems my top up is reverted?
Yikes!  I didn't get the amount of money that I requested.  What do I do now?
Why was my card charged when topping off my balance but it's not showing up in my wallet balance?
There is an urgent thing that I need to transfer from China. Approximately how long will it take?
Will I be charged a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
How do I delete my account?
Why is this not letting me exchange crypto? I need help making this transaction go through.
Do you send more than one card?
What steps do I need to take for the identity checking process?
can I transfer my salary if it's in a different currency?
after going over my transactions for the last couple of months I noticed a pretty large charge that I know I did not make. I know it's been a while but can I still dispute this charge?
I tried topping up using my card, but the money is gone?
I need more physical cards.
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's wrong?
I believed crypto top up with something you offered. This does not seem to be working. The money has been removed from my account though so what's going on?
I got the incorrect amount of money given to me from my account
Can I let other people have access to my account in order to top up?
can you express my card to me?
I have an unknown charge.
Why did you charge me extra for withdrawing money?
Are there any charges for European bank card for top up?
I need to cancel my recent transfer. I made a mistake. Please help quickly before the transfer goes through.
Is it possible to get both Mastercard and Visa card from you?
what's the process for getting a disposable virtual card?
How do I know it is a Mastercard ATM?
Im going to need to make a transfer from a UK account but I need it to go through ASAP. Is that going to be possible or will it take forever?? Im hoping it will be a couple hours and not a couple weeks.
My bank card has expired, how can I get a new physical card?
Why is verification for my identity needed?
When will I receive the card?
Is there a way to link cards if I have one of yours?
How do I know what exchange rate I will get?
I want to revert a transaction I did this morning
Please tell me the types of currency I can hold.
Can I use my account even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
Why can't you allow my beneficiary?
When will my top-up happen?
I exchange my currency quite a bit.  Do I get an exchange price break?
Is there a daily auto top-up limit?
I would appreciate it if I could get an item refunded
What is the number of transactions for one disposable card?
my card was frozen due to putting in the wrong pin too much.  how many tries do i have
What is the cause of the delay in applying my card payment to my account?
Hi, I was trying to use my card but it was declining by ATM. I have cross checked with two different ATMs but i was facing the same issue. Could you please check my account.
I was taking out funds and was unable to regain my card.
How do the foreign exchange rates work?
I made a cash deposit going to my account but it is not there
May I choose when it's delivered?
How many days until the money will be in my account?
How can I obtain a disposable virtual card?
I can't find my card! Can you help?
I need to exchange a currency - can I do that here?
I think there has been a mistake on my exchange rate for this purchase.
How many disposable virtual cards can I have?
There is a payment I don't recognise!
Several items I have charged this week are appearing twice.  Please review my statement and remove any duplicate charges.
Is there a location where I can change my PIN?
Will you charge me for exchanging foreign currencies?
This is frustrating, I'm at work and my transfers are not going through. I keep getting an error message, I do not have time for this.
I need a transfer cancelled.
I have a cash withdrawal in my statement. Why is that?
How do I dispute a direct debit on my account?
what are limits to top up
So I've been using my account frequently to manage payments for my vacation house in a different country, and now I'm getting hit with ridiculously high fees! What's with that? Ought not I be rewarded as a frequent user?
I was charged more than once in a single transaction
How long will an urgent transfer from China take?
How do you calculate exchange rates?
What is the procedure for topping up with a cheque?
I didn't get the money I transferred
Can you tell me why I noticed a $1 charge on my statement?
Google pay and top up, I want it, can I get it?
What commission do you take for currency exchage?
When can I expect my card? I live in the US.
why did the app refuse to make an approved payment
I'm upset because I got charged a ridiculous fee when making an ATM withdrawal over a holiday weekend.  It didn't notify me beforehand either or I wouldn't have ever done it.
It doesn't look like the top-up completed.
Why can't a beneficiary receive a money transfer from me?
How come I got blocked for entering wrong pins?
I'm worried my card might be lost in the mail? How long does it usually take to arrive?
Where can I located the auto-top up option?
Please delete my account immediately.
Why is there a fee added to my statement?
It seems that the rate I got is incorrect.
Can you please check my UK Account to make sure everything went alright?  I made the transfer a couple of hours ago.
do i need a pin
I thought transfers were free of charge.  I bought something abroad and got charged a ridiculous fee. How do I get this problem fixed.
Can I get my friends to add money to my account?
What currencies do you accept to add money?
Do you know why my card payment did not work?
My password isn't being accepted and I need to reset it.
Why does my transfer say it is pending?
Why was I charged a fee to transfer money?
How long does a European transfer take?
found card, how to put it back in app
I am not Happy with this product can i get a refund?
How to order a virtual card
Why is the exchange rate different on my recent purchase?
the exchange rate for my withdrawal is wrong
Please help me with my card payments which keeps getting reverted whenever i do online shopping. I am having this problem since last two weeks.
If I want to send out more cards, do you charge extra for that?
I checked my statement and am being charged one pound. Where did this charge come from?
What is maximum top up?
Where is my card?
Can you help me figure out what's happening? I'm trying to transfer money to a friend but it keeps getting returned. I'm not sure what i'm doing wrong.
I have money in a foreign account that I want to send to this account.
I cannot withdraw money from the ATM
How do i authenticate a top-up card?
Instruct me how to reset the passcode.
I am asking to end my account.
How many cards can I have for one account?
Why is top up not working for my apple pay app
I did not get the right exchange rate while getting my cash out.
I am worried about the amount of my cheque, which should be credited to my account few days before. As i have already sent you the cheque.
I am still awaiting the completion of the transaction.
Can I have multiple currencies in my account?
What is the longest a US transfer should take to appear in my account?
Hello. I'm trying to transfer some money to a friend but it keeps getting rejected. can you help me?
Which part of the app do I order virtual cards from?
Where is the money I topped off with?
I Withdrew cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I received the cash already?
I received my card but not my PIN.
I need an actual card that I can hold in my hand, how do I do that?
I need help to resolve mix up on my card payment. My account shows the money was taken out and then put back in the account. Then I received a message from the seller, It said that they did not get my payment.
How is the current exchange rate?
I am still waiting for a money transfer to appear.
Do you have the option for a disposable virtual card?
I'm trying to take money from my account but its not letting me. Help!
Why can't I take money from my account?
My payment has been declined, I thought this issue was fixed!
Hi, My card is getting declined continuously when i am trying to top-up. Request you to look into this issue or tell me any other alternatives.
Are SWIFT Transfers available at this bank?
Where do I go to unblock my PIN?
i need to top up by card.
How long will my top-up stay pending?
I'm waiting for a money transfer to show, still.
Why are my transfers getting declined?  I havent had a problem in the past.
I just purchased a disposable virtual card. Am I able to use it for online purchases immediately?
Are there limits with top-up?
What is the exchange rate like?
how much does it cost to add money to my card
I haven't received the cash from the check I deposited.
I forgot the code to access the app.
I would like a  physical card sent to me.
A payment on my statement is wrong.
Hi I've been trying to top up my card for the past day but it gets declined, I need it topped up urgently! Can somebody get back to me to resolve this or explain any different ways I can top up my card?
i am not a premium customer but i want a virtual card, how do i get it
I've been waiting for a top up to come through for over an hour and I need the funds now.
Is there a list of ATM machines?
I was supposed to get a refund but I do not see it on my statement. When is it going to be updated?
I have forgotten my passcode
I'm just wondering when my card will get here.
I would like to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
There was an error in exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
Could you please tell me why my purchases from this morning say payment is pending?
So I just put my top-up into the card and it hasn't changed.
Why do I need to verify my account?
OMG!  I'm trying to load my card and it wont top up!  I desperately need the money either on my card or in my bank, where is it?
I think I lost my card . I dont know how long it has been missing. Can you see if maybe someone else has been using it?
Where is the cash deposit I made?
Can I add money automatically to my account while traveling?
Can I use it outside of Europe?
Can I use top-up with Apple pay?
Why didn't I receive the right amount of cash at the ATM?
How can I get a refund for an item I purchased but has not yet arrived?
Is the PIN delivered separately?
Do you have a limit to top ups?
What do I do since the machine swallowed my card. I need one.
I don't think the exchange rate was right.
What documents do you need to verify my identity?
I wanted $100 but only got $20
What is this cash withdrawal on my statement?
Why am I getting declines when trying to make a purchase online?
How do I get a refund for something I bought?
Is there a reason why a recipient might not see my money transaction
Why am I getting charged more for using my card?
My card has an expiration date, will you send a new one automatically?
I made a mistake when I did a transfer so now what can I do to fix that?
What should I do if I have used all of my PIN tries?
Someone has access to my card info.  I still have the card, but someone just withdrew cash.  How do I get this corrected/stopped?!
The transfer finally worked, but how long does it stay pending?
What is this witdrawal
I've already topped up, but I cannot see the funds being available. What happened?
My card's expiration is approaching, how do I replace it.
Can you cancel my purchase?
I cannot get to my app, what should I do?
I do not understand why there is a pending 1£ charge on my statement, I do not recall making this transaction. Can you please tell me what this is about?
the bank transfer was declined
If I get a transfer from Europe, how long until it is in my account?
am afraid someone may have gained access to the info on my card.
Will salary be received through this?
How do I know if my top up was unsuccessful?
The ATM machine ate my card.
How can you assist me on topping up on bank transfers to my account?
How can my friend send me money?
Why am I not seeing the check I deposited this morning in my account?
I want to take some funds from my other bank account and add them to this one.
Can I use a Visa or Mastercard?
Why am I being charged for withdrawing cash but haven't in the past?
I can't find my phone but it has all my credit card information.
When I went to $100, all the machine would give me was $20.
Why did the top-up fail?
Is a copy of the police report necessary for completing the report process?
I was getting cash and can't get my card back.
My new card just arrived, how can I activate it?
I would like to edit my personal information .
I made a mistake and performed a transaction on the wrong account!
I recently reported my card as missing/lost, and I just found it. Can I still use it?
How do you determine the exchange rate?
What ATMs can I use this card?
Can I use this app for both USD and GBP?
Is this open to residents of all countries?
Is it normal to get charged extra when i use my card?
Is it possible to have both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
How do I top up with Apple Pay?
Why were there additional charges when I transferred funds?
I was charged a fee for the transfer, but can you tell me why?
I'd like to make some changes to my personal information.
Where should I look for my PIN number at?
Can I pay more to get it deliver quicker?
I withdrew cash and I think the exchange rate is wrong.
How do I send my account money through transfer?
Where do I order a virtual card?
Why could my transfer have been declined?
I believe I left my smartphone at the hotel I was staying at.
If I have this card, which ATMs can I go to?
Why is there a pending hold on one pound on my statement?
Was my transaction reverted with my card?
Top up keeps failing
i am express delivering my card to the us, how long will that take
Hi, I am disappointed to see such a bad exchange rate and hope you can assist me. Would you be able to confirm the official interbank exchange rate for me?
can i get a physical card online
can I choose delivery times to suite me?
Can I top up online?
Where should my card work?
Do I have to go into the bank to change my PIN?
Why is my refund missing in my statement?
How do I change my PIN?
I didn't realize that there were any fees for withdrawing money from my account--this has never happened to me before.  What exactly are the fees?
Can I reset my PIN?
What happens if I forget my PIN?
Are there a certain amount of transactions i can do with one disposable card?
Why was my atm withdrawl declined
What do I need in regards to identification?
Help Me!  I lost my card.  What should I do?
How many currencies can I have money in in my account?
What's the reason my new card hasn't come?
Why isn't my balance updating after depositing cheques and cash.
Can you explain the virtual cards limit?
The money that I have transferred hasn't arrived yet.
Hello I changed my mind and want a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Please it's urgent.
I have an American Express that I'd like to add money to my account with.
i cannot get virtual card to work
Oh my goodness, my card has been declined twice at ATM! I tried two different ATM, but each one declined my card! Can you tell me what's going on with my account?
Is there a way to track the delivery of my card?
I was charged twice, when I didn't purchase anything twice.
The money has not yet been placed in recipients account.
My refund isn't showing up on my statement.
My cash withdrawal was partly declined
i tried to make a transfer to a beneficiary and it didn't go through
My top up is incomplete.
need help with google pay top up
The currency exchange rate was wrong for a purchase I made.
Why did you charge a fee when I withdrew from an ATM?
Hi , I just came to know I made the wrong transaction  yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow.
I just got my new card.  How can I activate it?
I ordered online weeks ago and I never received my package in the mail and I don't want to wait any more. So if I could get my money back now that would be great.
I hate this ATM, it charged me an extra fee, Why did it charge?
What should I do if my card doesn't work?
How come a fee was charged when I tranferred money
I noticed an extra charge on the purchase that I made last Saturday on my account. Can you see if I received the correct exchange rate?
For some reason my contactless has stopped working. I don't know what the problem is. What can I do?
I went to the Notting Hill ATM to use my card the first time for a cash withdrawal but it didn't work. Does this mean that my card isn't working yet?
Why doesn't my disposable virtual card work?
How do I get refills to my card when I'm traveling?
Can I have it delivered on a specific date?
I could not get money from an ATM
There is a cash withdrawal in my account that isn't mine.
I can't verify my ID.
How long does a transfer take to be confirmed?
I can't find my password
Can I use your app if I am from the EU?
Why did a transaction I made charge me $1?
I live in the EU - can I get a card?
I was charged twice.
I have an unusual payment in my statement
Can my salary be received here?
My money hasn't been transferred yet.
What are the acceptable currencies for adding funds?
What do I do if I detect fraudulent use on my car?
i cannot find my card PIN
What do I need for the verification check?
What is the minimum age to open an account?
Does my top up and apple pay work together?
does it cost to exchange currencies?
Why isn't my refund showing up in my statement?
I could not get my transfer to happen correctly and was wondering why?
Can i have a second physical card for this account?
Do I need to use a limit on top-ups?
Hello. I checked my transactions and saw I was double charged for a restaurant visit. Can I get my money back?
What can I do if I lost my card?
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again this morning.
I don't understand what a disposable virtual card is, can you help?
How can I change my PIN without going to the bank?
I am having a problem proving who I am
Why did I get charged for a transfer?
How come my card doesn't work anymore?
How come my card payment has been declined?
There has been an unusual withdrawal from my account, can you help?
My transfer was declined
How do I use a cheque to top up?
I have got out the wrong amount from an ATM. Please tell me the process to get the cash back as in app its showing the amount i have been actually received.
app does not recognize me
What can I expect if I use bank transfer to top up my account?
Seems like my top up has been cancelled
Is there a reason my payments are pending?
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
When will my card arrive?
Does the top-up need verified?
can usa residents get a card?
When I tried to top up using my card, all of the money disappeared.
I recently bought something in foreign currency and I am unsure of the exchange rate. Is this rate applied correctly?
I got a message that my transfer is not possible.  What is happening?  I need this to go through please.
Does it cost extra to exchange foreign currencies?
Why did I get charged a fee when I tried to obtain cash?
How can I convert currencies?
Is it possible to change my pin if i am out of the country?
I am unable to activate my card, it won't let me.
My card is not working when I try to use it.
My salary is in GBP, do I need to exchange it before putting it into my account?
Why is the payment on my card still pending?
I think my wallet fell out on the Tube today! I realized as soon as I got to my desk. How do I cut off the card?
What do you need for the identity verification
Why has my payment not gone through?
I normally don't use ATMs, but I was in a rush today and had to withdraw some cash. The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money and now my app is not showing the same amount as it should. What do I do?
Can my account be topped up by my friends?
My Bank is in Europe, how long will the transfer take?
I did not get the right amount of cash from the ATM.
Why caused my top up to not work?
I paid with my card so so why was I charged a transaction fee?
My account shows I have been charged twice for the same meal. How do I get the second payment voided and returned to me? I do not eat out much and my family is living paycheck to paycheck,  mostly. I cannot afford to spend more money than necessary, as is, so I must see to it that the cost be promptly credited back onto my card.
I can see an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
why is there a service fee on my statement?
I would like a second card.
Where are the virtual cards?
The exchange rate seems off on this transaction
The app doesn't believe that I am myself
What are the disposable cards restrictions?
The ATM machine stole my card.
I was unable to make a transfer to another account.
Can I be given a new passcode?
How are cash withdrawals pending?
Its been several days and my cash withdrawal is still pending. Why?
What's the problem? My card keeps getting declined for top up. I need to know what is going on.
do i have to setup apple pay to use it
For my account, how do I transfer money in?
I went to do a transfer and it was declined.
i have not received my card
I have a duplicate payment showing
i've waited 2 days for a transfer to reach a retailers account, am i going to have to wait longer.
I think a card payment I made was cancelled.
Somebody used my card without my knowledge!
Hello. I bought an item a while ago, and have since requested a refund.  However, upon checking my online statements, it seems that I haven't been issued a refund yet.  How can this be remedied?
I do I top up from my Apple Watch?
Do you offer auto top ups?
I tried to top up with my card but it was declined. I was able to a couple days ago and it worked. Is something wrong? Can you check it for me please?
I need some help with identity verification.
I want to get my hands on one of those virtual cards!
The transfer to my beneficiary has not gone through
I recently bought an item using my card and I was charged an extra fee why is this?
Hi, I used an ATM today to take money out of my account, but the amount it gave me is not the amount I requested. What should I do?
Is there a problem that makes my payments show pending?
What other credit cards can I use?
As for limits are top ups included?
What is the limit to number of transactions I can do with a disposable card?
What does it mean if my payment was reverted?
I tried transferring to an account but it won't let me.
My app shows some cash I didn't get.
The ATM shows a withdraw of the amount of money I requested but I didn't revieve that amount in cash.
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
I need to deposit money to my account
Is topping up unlimited?
I have found my lost or stolen card. Is there a way I can link the card with my account through my app again?
Why did you charge me for a cash withdrawal?
I am having problems transferring to a beneficiary.
I was needing you to see if the exchange rate is correct from when i got cash
I don't understand why I was charged an additional fee for this service. Can you clarify?
I have an odd payment in my statement
Status of the card I ordered.
My card is about to expire.  Are there any costs with a replacement card?  How quick do you mail it to me?
should i add money via bank transfer instead
I got mugged yesterday and can't use the app.
Let me know when you charge extra for payments please. I just checked the app earlier when I saw that there was an additional fee on one of the payments that I wasn't warned about before.
I have a pending payment in my account that I paid a while back ago and it still hasnt gone through. Why would it show pending for so long?
I lost my card
I noticed that my card was charged more than once for one thing.
The atm wouldn't give out cash
I need to change my card PIN.
Balance hasn't been updated following a bank transfer
How many days until my US transfer arrives?
My card was rejected
Hello, a few days ago I transferred my rent check to my landlord, however, he is saying that it has not gone though. On my end everything looks fine and I double checked the account number. Is there anything else that could be holding up the check?
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money?
A transfer is pending.
I was trying to purchase something at the store today and my card has been declined.  Why has this happened?
what is the top up limit
Can am I able to exchange currencies?
What is the way to go about getting a virtual card?
I need a physical card.  What are the fees?
Hey I thought transfers were free.  Why are you charging me?
There has been a payment  in the App that has not be done by me.
My top-up is taking a very long time to complete.
where to i get my funds from?
If I need to exchange currency is there an extra fee?
Where is my refund? I have been checking my account all day.
What is the tracking number for the card you sent?
I need my card as quick as possible
What is the most amount of disposable cards allowable?
The past few times I've been to the ATM, I was charged a withdrawal fee. Have your policies changed regarding fees?
can i do a transfer with swift
Why was an extra charge added when I used my card?
I want to cancel my purchase
How can I check on the delivery status of my card?
Can cards be delivered? Where?
How much do I need to pay for a transfer?
Can I get my card expedited?
Is there a cost to receive money?
I lost my wallet today with all my credit cards. Will you please block the card and send a replacement?
tell me why I was charged more with my card?
I tried to top up, but the funds show up as pending. I thought it was instant?
Is the bank the only place I can change my PIN>
How much will it cost me for a SEPA transfer?
Could you tell me about the restrictions that are on the disposable cards?
I want to order another crad
I heard that you support more than one type of fiat currency, would you tell me which ones please?
Explain why a card payment would be cancelled?
I was charge a fee that I wasn't told about
What services can I use to top up?
How can I unblock a blocked pin number for my account?
Why isn't this accepting my identity?
What is the amount of disposable cards I can have each day?
Can I use app to reset PIN attempts?
I can't access my money. Is it because somethings wrong with the top-up? I set it up correctly.
The exchange rate was incorrect for an item I bought.
How long will it take for my transfer to arrive?
When I was transferring money I was charged extra why?
Will you reinstate my PIN?
Can I top up using a cheque?
I don't see my top up in my wallet.
I can't see all the refunds in my statement
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that already.
I've tried using my card multiple times and it keeps getting declined.
Are there virtual disposable cards?
Can I have a refund for one of your products?
The app shows Direct Debit payments that I didn't make
Hi. About two hours ago I made a transfer from my bank which is in the UK, but I don't see it yet! Would you check what's going on with it, please?
I didn't make this payment!
The first payment I attempted for my card at the store earlier did not process so I had to make a second attempt. The second time it worked. It now appears I was charged twice. After looking at the app I see a pending charge. Please remove the pending amount because it is clearly not accurate and was declined.
I was using a foreign currecy to make a payment and the applied the wrong rate.
Tell me why my transfer was declined.
I haven't received my transfer funds yet, where are they?
I've been trying to make a transfer and it doesn't seem to be working. (5 times) What is wrong with your system?
Can I use app to freeze my card and dispute fraud?
The card I thought I lost was in my jacket pocket this morning, so can I reactivate that?
How much will I pay to exchange foreign currency?
i live in portugal. do you operate here?
Can I get more cards just incase?
How much is it to use my US debit or credit card to top up?
I can't see my latest bank transfer
I entered the pin incorrectly too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help?
My friend deposited $100 into my account, but it is not showing up!
My refund is not here yet
the exchange rate on my payment was wrong
Can I get cash with this card anywhere?
Looks like my card payment was cancelled.
Why was my PIN blocked?
How do I get my top-up verification code?
My daughter needs an acount.
Why is my refund not showing up on the statement?
I bought something overseas and the wrong exchange rate is on my statement.
How low does the balance have to be before the system updates?
who do I talk to, to cancel a transfer?
My refund is not showing up in my account. Where is it?
Could not complete transfer, states 'declined'
i received my American Express in Apple pay, why is top up not working?
The day before yesterday, I performed a transfer within the country. It still has not completed. Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
Where can I use this card at an ATM?
While I was checking out in the grocery store, I realized I needed cash so I requested some.  However, I noticed there was a fee for this transaction.  Why did I get charged a fee?
where are the transfers originating
I want to get a Visa
i put in money for vacation and its not showing. i need that money today, how long will it take
I have been charged twice this week for a couple of things on my card. Can you please check this out for me and return the double charged items back?
How do you decide what your exchange rates are?
It looks like someone besides me ordered something with my card, what should I do?
I am experiencing difficulty providing my identity.
What is taking so long with my refund?
Is my new card activated?
I'm trying to make a payment to my new landlord. Even though the payment was sent a few days ago, it isn't clearing on their side. Can you verify that payment has been made?
exchanging currencies costs what?
I tried my PIN too many times
I am locked out from entering my pin.
I have one of your cards, but I don't know how to link it.
What happened to the money that I deposited?
My payment still hasn't processed!
How long will it take to receive my money from my transfer transaction?
Why do you keep declining my transfers?it was always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined . I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
Can I make multiple online transactions with my virtual card?
Why can't I use this beneficiary?
Do I have to go to the bank to change my PIN?
I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. I can't use the app, so I need some help.
I still haven't received my card after two weeks, is it lost?
Can turn my money into another currency?
My card has been stolen. I reported it with the police, but I need to report it with you as well.
How do I input a new address?
Why aren't my payment funds available to me?
I found a direct debit I would like to dispute
Where is my money transfer?
My identity has been stolen. I still have my physical card but there are charges I didn't make on my account. How do I cancel this card or dispute the charges?
Why do you need to know so much about me
My funds must be verified
I'm pretty sure my top up is still pending.
Can I get a card in the EU?
I know this very late, but I just went through my statements from the last couple months and there's one quite large-ish payment that I definitely haven't made. Is it still possible to dispute it?
When can I expect my transfer to reach my account?
I received the wrong amount of cash back
Do I need to verify my identity each time I wish to use my account?
My address is incorrect on my file.
I tried to withdraw money, but was unable to. Still says that the transaction is pending? Will this money disappear??
How can someone add money to my account?
Can I top off with a debit card?
Do you not accept crypto transfers from certain places? Because when I tried to do a top up the money just disappeared. Im not sure what to do or what I'm doing wrong, please help.
How do I fix a reverted top up?
It seems you keep declining my transfers. Before, it's always worked very well.Just now when I tried to buy something the card was declined. I tried more than once and it was the same thing each time.
How do i activate my card
I double checked that I have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. It should not have been done so.
Does a discount apply if I exchange currencies frequently?
What is your refund policy for products I have purchased?
I made a purchase a few weeks ago but wasn't happy with it so recently requested a refund from the supplier.  Can you check where the money is?
I need to cancel my recent transfer quickly since I made a mistake. Please help before it goes through.
Cancel Transaction
I have a duplicate payment on my account
I've lost my card. What can I do about that?
Why was my ATM withdrawal cancelled?
Is there a specific type you need for identity verification?
Who do I talk to about the ATM swallowing my card?
And what about the Card's PIN?
Can you tell me how to tell where my funds come from?
I need help finding the verification code for my top-up card.
Why has my card payment been cancelled?
I ordered my card but it hasn't been delivered yet
Can my children get an account?
What's the process for ID verification?
I live in the US and I would like to get a card. How do I go about getting one?
Bank transfer to account did not show up, please help?
What is the time period for money to be transferred?
I see an extra $1  charge on my statement, why is this?
Can you tell me how many currencies I can hold?
Is it possible to exchange currencies using the app?
Not living in same place, need to change details
I see I was charged $1 for a transaction.
I am noticing that a refund of a large purchase still has not been credited to my account. I contacted the merchant a few days ago and he assured me that he would submit it right away. Is there a status update?
Why am I having trouble verifying my id?
I just took some cash out of a cash machine in Heathrow airport because I wanted to buy some new sunglasses for my holiday but you've added a fee to the withdrawal, what is this?
Money transfer help? How long?
What happened! I asked for 30 pounds at your ATM and only go 10. The machine lied about it too. It said I received the full 30 pounds. Someone better help me asap on this.
What will I need to verify my identity
What can I do if my card details where stolen from my car? I think they used my card to buy gas.
I recently deposited some money into my account, but it still isn't showing up. What's going on?
How do I get this damn virtual card to work?
There's a problem - I bought something about a week or two ago but just today the payment somehow came back into my account! I already received the item though, what's going on here?
How can I top up with Google play?
show me how to top up with my card
I am waiting for the money to enter my account. How long does it take?
How did you guys get your exchange rate?
I bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet. How long do EU transfers actually take?
Would reinstalling the app solve the problem?
Can you please assist on my item that needs to be refunded?
When will my card be here?
Money was taken out without my consent,
Can someone assist me with activating my card?
Will I be able to use my card anywhere?
I would like to pay by cheque.
There was an unexpected fee for my cash withdrawal!
I tried to use the ATM today but it would not accept my card.
What currencies can I have?
Can it automatically top-up money if there isn't much left?
Is there a fee for exchanging currencies?
I got charged in double and want a refund
My friend would like to send me money. What are the options available to them?
What do I do if the machine rejects my card?
phone is at a hotel, can i still use app
Do you accept SWIFT transfers?
I need immediate assistance in canceling a transfer which was a mistake. Please help me quickly so this does not go through.
Waiting for the cash I deposited this morning still
How do you find the exchange rate?
I thought cash withdrawals were free? Why have I been charged a fee? Also, how much is this fee?
I want a refund on the things i bought
I made a deposit a couple of days back it's, as of yet, not gone in! It would be ideal if you assist me with this
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? There's one stuck since a couple of days already that doesn't seem to move
I desperately need to transfer something from China, Please give me the wait time.
Can this app exchange American and English currency?
I blocked my card by mistake, how do I unblock it?
Are you aware of any charges for receiving money?
I've got a problem - I bought something with my card one or two weeks ago, but now exact same amount of the purchase is showing up in my account. I like more money in my account, but this is too good to be true. Can you tell me what's happening?
Why is my top-up still pending?
when does my balance update for a transfer
Can I use the apple watch to make a top-up?
I tried to get cash but it was declined!
What's going on? My card wont accept any transactions.
I have been charged to much for the object I bought when abroad, the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
Hi, i found a large amount payment in my old statements which i am sure was not made by me. I am aware that the time has passed but is there a way to raise a dispute for this payment now?
A 500 pound cash withdrawal was just made from my account, but I didn't make it. I am pretty sure my card has been compromised - can you help me?
Whats the minimum age to have an account
What's the card you sent me's tracking number?
Where do I scan my card?
Why is it failing to top-up?
Why did you charge me a fee when I made a transfer?
Are there any extra fees for adding money into the international card?
When will I recieve my new card?
The wrong exchange rate was applied to me while pulling out cash.
I didn't get all the cash I asked for
Why is my cash withdrawal from the ATM still not yet showing as confirmed in my account?
How do I select a Mastercard instead of a Visa?
Can you tell me what I need to do to have my pin changed?
Where do my fund come from?
What can you tell me about the card PIN?
My top-up has been reverted and I would like to know why.
I can't get the ATM to give me any cash
How old does my kids need to be to open an account?
Please tell me how to edit my personal details.
What is a disposable virtual card?
What is wrong with the exchange rate? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
Why do i have to verify my top-up card?
I have a pending transaction
Hi, I tried topping up for the first time today (I'm a new customer), and the transaction has shown as pending for the last half an hour. Can you fix it?
Is there a charge to use a Top up card in the US?
I just tried to top-up and now I'm getting an additional verification message, why?
I am a new customer, and I happened to look at my app and there is a charge I am not familiar with.  Could you tell me why the extra charge is there?
Why are there limits on auto top-up?
Hi, I'm buying my son Bertie a starter home in London.  I'm just trying to send the 5% deposit over to the agent. It's only £200,000 but seems to be throwing an error.  What is going on?  If I wait any longer the house prices might rise, can you look in to it please?
I am not able to make a purchase because there is an issue with my card
Is it okay to use a bank card to top up
I just want to top-up, why do I need to verify anything?
What is this random charge of one pound doing on my account?
Why was my payment declined? I keep trying my card but it's not working.
A transfer I sent was received in less than the full amount I originally sent, and now I have to send additional funds to cover the full amount. What happened?
How do I change my AUD into GBP?
I am having a problem with verifying my identity.
I need to stop a transaction that I made.
i need to trace a deposit
Can I order a new card with the app?
HELP. My account has been deducted already and the Seller says they haven't received the money yet? When can they expect it?
Why didn't my transfer complete?
Can I reactivate my lost card that I found this morning in my jacket pocket?
My disposable virtual card has been rejected by the merchant earlier today. What should I do?
Can you tell me how long it would take, to make a transfer from France? I made one 2 days ago and its not there yet.
How do I convert currencies with the app?
I wanted to know about a pending dollar that is on my statement.
When I received my money, it was not in the correct amount. The exchange rate was not what it should have been.
Why do I have to pay extra for using my card?
Is it acceptable to use either Visa or Mastercard?
This fee shouldn't be there after I paid with a card.
I tried to withdraw cash from your ATM but my transaction was cancelled.
Why did my transfer not work?
Is there a charge for a foreign currency exchange?
Can I use a credit card from the US to top up?
How long will this transfer from europe take?
Can I get a card even if I live outside the UK?
I received duplicate charges.
How many active transactions can I make with a disposable card?
My top up hasn't worked, it's been stuck in pending for the last couple hours
Is it okay to hold money in multiple currencies?
I think there was an error in your exchange rate.
How do I transfer funds directly from my credit card?
How do I to up by card?
There is an error, the app says I made an ATM withdrawal and I didn't.
My funds are not transferring to my bank. Why is this not working?
I had a decline on my card. Why?
My phone is lost.  What do I do to prevent someone from using the app?
I was only given $20 when I tried to get $100
why isnt my cash withdrawal showing
I have a problem!  The ATM stole my card!
My card appears to be broken how can I fix it?
Can you unblock my account?  I entered the PIN wrong.
What's the most disposable cards I can have?
I was charged an extra fee for a card payment. I was unaware of these fees beforehand.
What do I have to do to get the virtual card to work?
Can you please explain disposable virtual cards for me?
I think the top up failed
Can anyone else top-up for me?
My payment was declined
What are the restrictions to top-offs?
I didn't get all the cash I requested for at the ATM
How do I know if my top up worked?
I made a cash withdrawal at an ATM but it still says pending in my account.
I'm interested in getting a card. How does one go about doing that?
Hello - I'm on the app and trying to purchase crypto. It's not going through. What am I doing wrong?
I am not being recognized by the app.
I didn't receive the correct amount of cash
Tell me why my card payment has been declined.
Why have I not received my PIN
Help me set up a new PIN?
My transfer was wrong, are you able to stop it before it goes through please?
I found my card. How can I put it into my app?
Where did my money come from?
Can you check the exchange rate on a cash transaction I did overseas
I still haven't seen a refund on my account
What do i need to verify my id?
My card is about to expire, what do I do?
Please verify my source of funds.
My refund is not showing.
I need to change my pin but I am on the road.
Why does it say my transfer failed?
What do I do if I can't access the app?
Are cards delivered to my location?
I want to use my card, how would I activate it?
How can I set a new pin.
show me how to transfer to my account
I haven't received my card and am worried it is lost.
How do I apply for a refund?
What do I owe for a new card?
Are virtual cards available to get?
Where do my funds originate from?
If I need an additional card, is there a fee for that?
is my card PIN saved in the app
Where is my PIN located?
Can I have a refund?
Is there a fee to get an actual card?
How do I link a card that I already have?
Hi, I draw out some money from the ATM today. The ATM has given me wrong amount and the application is displaying more amount than i withdraw.
Is this where I order a virtual card?
Can you explain why my transfer was unsuccessful?
How long will it be to get this new card?
My card's expiring, what happens now?
My card payment wasn't declined
Why has my money been returned back to my card.
Am I able to exchange currencies?
I went for a meal in Seattle and paid the bill but I think they charged me twice, the first time they swiped the card I got a notification to say the money had gone out the account but then I added a tip and I think they swiped it all again. Can you refund one of the charges?
Do I need to replace my card if it didn't work when I tried to pay contactless at the shop today?
I have been charged twice for the same transaction.
I have an unknown direct debit payment on my account
I want to end my account
There was an extra fee when I was at the ATM.  Why?
I've received my card so now I need to know how to sync it to the app.
Balance hasn't been updated following a cheque or cash deposit
What do I need to do to change the address on my account?
How long is US delivery?
What's the deal? Money has just disappeared out of my account. I thought you offered crypto top up and it doesn't seem to working.
Hi, I have withdrawn cash from the ATM on holiday and i guess withdrawal amount has been overcharged. I did it as i was not aware of these charges.
What locations are you in?
Is there a way to order a virtual card on the website?
Can you tell me why my card isn't letting me make purchases online? It's been 2 weeks I've been trying.
Three months ago I bought a new house for my cat, fluffy.  Unfortunately Fluffy was not a fan of the house and it had to be returned to Pet Smart last week.  They said they have sent a refund but it's not there, can you tell me where it is?
There's a card payment with a name I don't recognize
How do I view the card I received in the app?
I requested a refund for a large order the other day and don't think I received the funds. Can you tell me if you see them or not?
Can you help me retrieve my card?
Could I open an account for children?
How do I top up by cheque?
Declined, transfer not completed.
Why can't I find my PIN?
I see my top-up was canceled, but why?
I requested a refund from a seller a while ago, but when I check my statements it doesn't show up. Can you help me get my refund.
Why hasn't the transaction I did to my friend arrived yet?
Is it possible that my card payment was reverted?
Payment I didn't do.
Can I auto top-up as much as I want?
Why isn't my top up working using my saved American Express in ApplePay?
This company is bad, please delete my account.
Can I have a discount if I exchange currency often?
I should only have one charge, but it shows two.
Is there an extra fee for using an ATM?
Can you tell me what I need to do for the identity check process?
There is payment showing that I didn't do.
I have a direct debit charge that I do not recognize
My identity hasn't been verified.  Can I use my account?
The ATM isn't giving out any money.
When do I get my PIN?
Is it possible to get a card when i'm not in the UK?
Please delete this account.
I've use my accounts all the time to manage my payments for my place abroad that I just got. I now see that I suddenly have new fees.I'm a frequent customer, so why are you charging me new fees instead of rewarding me?
Hello there, I tried using crypto top up today but it's not working for me, might it be due to the kind of bank I'm using or the country that I'm from?Money is also missing from my account
How long does it actually take my card payment to make it to the account? I've made a payment a couple of days ago but it hasn't moved since.
Apparently, I went out today to use my new card and was informed my payment was decline. This is really embarrassing, what happen?
Instructions for activating card
Do I have to pay for a physical card?
My card couldn't complete a transfer, why?
I can't find my phone.
I was mugged yesterday and they took everything.  I can't access my app.  What are my next steps?
My disposable virtual card was rejected.
Is there a charge for getting my money?
Can i set up an auto top-up?
My identity isn't being accepted, what should I do?
I just lost my wallet and I think someone is using my card to withdraw my money. Can you please cancel or freeze my card?!!
Please explain why the funds I added were returned to my account.
I got cash and the exchange rate should have been different than it ended up being.
are multiple currencies acceptable?
I have enough money in my account, so why is my card being declined?
how long does it take for a transfer to arrive
Why am I being charged for ATM fees?
How long will it take to have my card mailed to me?
Can apple pay handle top up exchanges?
I didn't want to make a transaction, I want to revert it
My balance doesn't show my deposit.
I completed a money transaction but the recipient hasn't received it
still need to get card pin
I need to change my phone number.
The exchange rate for my card payment doesn't seem right.
Do I get a discount if I exchange currencies a lot?
Where can cards be delivered?
I made a cash deposit almost a week ago but it's still not there!! please sort this out asap I need the money
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? There's one stuck since a couple days already that doesn't seem to move
What is the max top-up?
Can I top-up by cheque?
after i got married i need to change my name
I can't use my card because it is not working.
Why would there be an extra charge on my app?
I have a trasnger that is pending and wondered about it.
I think someone is using my card without my permission!
Can you let me know why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
I'd rather not verify my identity.
How do I do an international transfer?
Why is there a direct debit to my account? I didn't do that.
I used an ATM and wanted to know why I was charged an extra fee.
Weird Direct Debit payment
what is the cost for exchanging currencies?
I tried to transfer money but it didn't go through
I can't get my virtual card to work.
I received $20 but I entered $100
Do I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
I sent money.  They haven't received it.
How to edit personal details?
I was expecting my new card by now.
why am I being charged a fee for transferring money ?
My card payment is showing pending however this transaction was a couple of days ago. Is there a reason why it it still pending?
How long to I have to wait for a transfer to reach my account?
Can I see the source of my available money?
What is the process for unlocking the pin?
The app isn't showing my transactions
What do I do if I do not recognise a cash withdrawal?
Why was my withdrawal declined
Is there any way to get my salary in a different currency?
Why is there a fee when I thought there would be no fees?
do I need to verify my identity before I can use my card?
Do you offer account services for children and teens?
Why am I seeing a transfer fee?
Was charged an ATM fee despite it being a small withdrawal on the 1st day of the month. I thought I was allowed 200 per month?
Let me know the steps for the identity checks
Why wouldn't my withdrawal go through?
Someone has stolen my phone, what should I do?
How do I get a new card as your machine swallowed mine!
Why is the exchange rate on my card payment different than I expected?
My card was declined but it shows as multiple charges?
Why can't I use my beneficiary?
Why are my transfers not going through.  I have tried over 4 times to get it to work.  This is just a simple transfer.  Is something else causing this in the system?  Is it broken?
My balance is not what I thought it was following an ATM withdrawal
Can I exchange currencies with this app?
The ATM took my card.
I need to close my account as soon as possible.
How can I tell what the limit is to top-ups?
My new card has arrived, what's the activation procedure?
i bought the wrong size and would like a refund
Can you please explain to me why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement?
Why did the ATM take my card and keep it?
What is needed to prove my identity?
Why is there a payment showing twice?
Where can I use my Mastercard?
Your service is terrible,.  Delete my account,
What happens when a payment is reverted?
What are the limitations on the disposable cards?
I have a payment that is still pending
WTF??? I tried to withdraw some money at a Metro bank on High St. Kensington and without any notice it disappeared in the machine. The bank was already closed so I couldn't do anything. How do I get it back?
Why was a fee added to my bill when I used my card?
Atm took my card
My card payment is pending.
What are some reasons that would cause ATM machines to decline my card? It has happened to me multiple times!
I am not sure where my phone is.
Tell me if there is a top-up limit.
Where's my virtual card
I have my card now how do I activate it?
There is a fraudulent charge on my statement.
My top up hasn't gone through
The cheque I deposited isn't showing in my account
If I order a card when does it arrive?
I forgot my pin and am blocked now. Can I reset it somewhere?
How long does a transfer take to reach one's account.
How long does transfer from the US take?
I need to cancel an incorrect transaction.
I had a payment that I made and it's been some amount of time and would like to know when it's suppose to go though.
Help please!  My rent payment is coming out tomorrow and I made a payment mistake yesterday! Can you put in in the correct account?
how soon will my card arrive?
I think my account has been hacked there are charges on there I don't recognize.
What should I do to top up using my Apple Watch?
I am unable to use my top-up on the app. Could you explain this to me?
Why is your exchange rate for my card payment wrong
I may no longer need GBP, but instead I will need AUD, how can I go about making this change?
Why is my card not working anymore?
i have used my card online before and wasn't charged, why am i charged now
What are the charges for receiving money?
I tried to pay through my account but the payment is not going through. What's going on?
what is this charge on my card?
Can i get money back in my home currency at  ATM? As I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
I can't find my phone; what can I do to prevent someone from accessing my account on it?
Can I get both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
What age can sign up for services?
There is a direct debit fee in the App that I didn't do.
I want to deposit funds, what payments are accepted?
How do a reverse a duplicated charge?
Is there a charge for sending out more cards?
How can I fix my contactless?
I know I didn't make this payment showing up on my card, I don't remember this person at all.
Do I need to verify my identity to use my account?
What is my money worth in other countries?
Card payment was declined, do you know why?
What do i have to do to change my name?
I would love one of the virtual cards!
I have not used my card all day, however, there is an unusual payment showing in my app.  I would like to have that amount reimbursed.
My ecchange rate was wrong for a cash transaction.
how many transactions can go on a disposable card?
The app failed to verify my identity.
I'm having difficulties changing AUD for GBP. How do I do this?
Why was my cash withdrawal declined by the ATM?
What should I do when my card reaches its expiry date?
I think my top up was reversed.
How much does it cost for a physical card?
Why is my top up still pending?
I'd lke my card reactivated, I was thinking it was misplaced but I discovered when I woke up that I had left it in my coat.
Is going to a bank only way to change my PIN?
What is the first step I need to make for being able to access my account?
I'm not sure what is going on here. I've received payment back into my account  for an item I've already received, from about 2 weeks ago.
I want a disposable virtual card, how do I do that?
I got a fee when paying with my card
I want a refund for an item
What is the reason I got rejected for using my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym?
I completed I transfer the day before yesterday in this country. The transfer still is not complete. I've checked on the account number multiple times to make sure that it is the right one. Can you check to see what's going on with this?
What is this direct debit I am seeing?
Someone made a mistake on my money transfer because I was charged extra fees.
Is there supposed to be a fee for the transfer I made?
I think I have an extra transfer charge.
I need a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
Tell me why my card payment would be reverted.
Is there a fee for european bank cards?
Something is wrong, my top-up is gone and I don't know what happened to my money.
Where do I access the auto top-up function?
What I topped up was reverted by the app.
What is the present state of the exchange rate?
I can't see my refund in my history.
How can I verify my top-up card?
I made a payment that got charged twice instead of once.
Why hasn't my account updated to reflect my current balance?
I was blocked by using the wrong pin too many times, can you help me?
I can't get cash from the ATM!
Will my friends be able to top up my account?
I am still waiting for a transaction to be completed
What proof of identification is needed?
How many transactions can be made with a disposable card?
I am not able to verify my id. Why?
Can you please tell me how long it takes for the transfer to be available.
I made a mistake when sending a payment, sending it to the wrong account number (with a typo) - can you please cancel the transaction?
how do i see what i transferred
What value can I get for my currency?
Is there a charge or discount if I use a European bank in a top up?
Can you tell me whats going on with my card it seems to be not working?
I found my card, can I add it to the app?
Why can't I top up by cheque?
My transaction was just declined when I was using my disposable virtual card. What can I do?
My transfers are being declined. IT has always worked for me but now it's declining my card. I've tried several times.
I misplaced my phone so I can't use the app! Does this mean I can't use my card?
Why am I not allowed to transfer money to my cryptocurrency exchange?
Do you offer multiple cards for the same account?
What are the maximum amount you can do for auto top-up?
My transfer to beneficiary didn't go through
How long do deposits take to appear? I've been waiting for more than a week and need the money!
Is there a fee for paying by card?
I still have not received an answer as to why I was charged $1.00 in a transaction?
Is the identity check part of bank policy?
Can you tell me where to find top up by cash deposit?
Can my job deposit my wages directly into the account.
I've made a bank transfer but the money doesn't seem to be in my account.
What forms of ID work for verification?
Is there a reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
I go the wrong exchange rate applied to my purchase in a foreign country.
There is a  €1 fee on my account I didn't authorize
Who accepts this card?
What should I do if I exceed my PIN tries?
why is top up pending
What is the refund procedure?
My attempted transfer failed.
How long will it take for my money to be deposited?
When will my money be in my account?
What does it mean when it says I have a payment pending?
What is the process to create a disposable virtual card?
I would like to transfer money from my other bank account into this one.
How much is it to receive money?
I believe my card payment has reverted
Why didn't my card payment work?
Does the exchange rate change each day for purchases? There is a different rate on my purchase.
Why didn't I receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I purchased?
Can you send me a Mastercard, instead of a Visa?
Where do I request another card?
Why isn't my card working? I was pumped to use my new card but it keeps getting declined. Help please.
I have a fee for cash withdrawal
When I got cash I believe that the exchange rate was wrong
What's the limit on automatic top-up?
Can friends transfer money to each other?
Can I exchange an item for a refund?
I don't know how to top up my Google pay.
why verify the top up? it doesnt make sense
What to do if my card is about to expire?
are there any country restrictions?
how to get virtual card
How many incorrect attempts cause card to be blocked?
What is the fastest that I can make a transfer?
I use my card internationally to manage payments and I just noticed that you are adding additional fees.  Why?  I am a good customer and this has me thinking about leaving.
How long does it take to process transfers from Europe?
What should I do if I forgot my passcode?
I can't do the verification.
Can somebody else top up my account?
Can someone please help assist me by explaining to me why my pass-code is not working?
What was the extra charge for using my card?
What kind of fiat currency can I used for holding and exchange?
Why isn't a refund showing on my statement?
My credit card was declined.
My things were stolen and I need to know if I can still use this app.
i was charged when i used a us issued card. why and what cards are free to use to add money
The ATM machine would not give my card back
I was charged the wing amount for an item.
how long does it take to transfer money, my retailer is waiting
If my card is going to expire this month, do I need to order a new one?
There is a transaction from my account that I don't recognize can you trace back the information so I can make sure it's something I did or not?
I made a transfer into my account and now I need to cancel it
Why are there so many fees on my statement?
Hi, I tried to withdraw some money from an ATM and the machine was broken.  It says that the transaction is still in progress.  Can you double check to see what's happening? I don't want to be charged since I was not able to withdraw the money.
What is going on with my cash deposit. I'm looking at my account balance and it is not there. It has been almost a week. Someone better get back to me asap.
Can you please make my top up go through as soon as possible. I really need the money and it has been pending for an hour already.
I have a transfer that's pending and wanted to know how long it is going to take to process?
I followed the instructions to transfer money using my card, but then the money disappeared and I don't know what happened.
What is the extra  €1 fee in my statement
I just got a card, how can I add it to the app?
Is there a number to call to get my pin unblocked?
Where can i find my top-up verification code?
How can I locate the virtual card?
Help me.  My phone has been lost or stolen!
What are the cards and currencies that are supported?
Why am i being double charged for something?
I am planning activating my card was it possible?
I do not have the information to verify my identify.
I didn't get my card back from the ATM.
I did not make a cash withdrawal that is on my statement
What do I do with my card PIN?
I have made a card payment but it did not completed still showing as pending. Please tell me when it will be completed.
What do I need to do to exchange my money?
What is this extra pound charge for?
Is there a reason behind why my transfer did not work?
I got charged for with a fee for paying with my card.
I don't have my passcode to access the app.
Why is the cash deposit not showing up in my account?
I have a card payment which shows as pending
Why can't I top up?
Is there always a charge when withdrawing money?
Is there a reason that my transfer failed?
There are a few transaction that I don't recognize, I think someone managed to get my card details and use it.
I am still waiting for a cash withdrawal to show
Hey, I have my card, how do I get it to show in the app?
how to exchange currencies
Why would there be a payment on my account I don't recognize?
Please explain to me the process of getting a virtual card.
I can get my identification verified.
What are the steps to change my PIN to something else?
How are you determining your exchange rates?
What may be the reason that my transfer did not go through?
What is the most efficient way to activate my new card?
I am on vacation in Spain and need to change my pin.
How do i set up my credit card to send transfers?
$20 came out instead of $100
I recently transferred some cash, but the balance has not changed.
Why was I charged for payments? You didn't warn me about additional fees.
How do I retrieve my passcode?
Will it cost me to get a second card?
Why could I not get cash?
Hey, I ordered a thing but changed my mind and want a refund on it. Since I haven't received the thing, would you just go ahead and cancel the payment for me?
Why does it show that my transfer is still pending?
Why isn't the transfer on my account showing up?
I think someone may have cloned my card or something.  My card isn't lost but I just saw a charge of $500 cash withdraw.  Can you help me?
Will I be charged for exchanging foreign currencies?
I've now been trying to do a really standard transfer 5 times already. What's going on, is your system broken or something?!
How do I cancel my transfer?
How long will the transfer take?
I sent out money, but was charged extra for transferring. Why?
I tried to withdraw some funds from my card, but was declined. How can I get my money?
The withdrawal was declined I am unsure as to why this happened?
I was made to pay a fee for making a transaction with card.
Does it cost anything to transfer money for a top-up?
Somebody used my card to make a purchase
Is it possible for a friend to personally send me a payment?
How do I link my new card?
I have a transfer that was approved that I'm urgently waiting for. How long am I supposed to wait for it?
What do you do to transfer money to my account?
Can you get me my card fast?
I would like to get help from someone with activating my card.
Why did I get a $1 extra fee on the statement?
Do I need to select a preference to receive my salary payments in GBP and, if so, where?
Can I get an actual card
I made a purchase and it says it's pending. What does that mean?
I payed my rent to my landlord a few days ago and he is saying the it never went though. Everything looks good to me and I even double checked the account number. I don't know what could be causing the confusion. Can you help me please?
Top-up is not working
how do i get top up with cash deposit
What's the pending length for credit transactions? I've had one in my pending category now for days and it won't move to processed.
Are you able to delete my account?
I urgently need to top-up my card but its getting declined. Please help me in this or advise with other options if any.
How long does it take for money to transfer as my balance hasn't been updated
I was just shopping online for some tickets and the payment was declined by you.  Why has this happened?  I am certain I have the right amount of funds in my account.
I sent some money but the intended recipient says it hasn't arrived
When will my transfer process?
I wrote a check to the account yesterday to add to my balance, but I don't see the amount of the check reflected anywhere.  Is it being held up for some reason?  I should have seen a new balance by now!
Can I get an account for my son?
Why was I charged a fee for my card payment?
I need to reverse a transaction
Can you explain what this random $1 charge is?
Unable to complete transfer, states 'declined'
Is there a way to verify a card top-up?
Can I change my PIN at any cash machines?
Is it possible to have more than one disposable card?
How come my card payment is still pending?
My transfer is pending too long.
Why do you need to perform identity verification?
My card isn't working
Why was I unable to finish this transfer?
My card's expiration date is close.
What steps do I have to take to change my PIN?
Does Google Play have an app to Top up?
Am I limited on the amount of disposable cards I can possess?
What is the payment in my account that I did not do?
I transferred money and was charged and want to know why.
I want to transfer money into my account
The ATM won't give me my card back.
I don't find your services useful anymore, how do I delete my account?
What do I do if my card has been lost or stolen?
I have lost my credit card in the ATM!
Hi. I noticed I have a duplicate charge which I have not made twice. Who should I talk to take care of this?
Do i have to wait to get the pin or can i set up a pin
Is there a reason why my virtual card won't work?
My top-up was reverted by the app.
There's a $200 withdrawal on my statement that seems fishy to me.
What should I do with my stuck ATM?
I expected a higher exchange rate when I withdrew money. Can you tell me current exchange rates?
The transfer was accepted but now it's stuck on pending. When will it go through?
I tempted to get some money out of the machine earlier and it did not work.Looking now, the transaction actually shows to still be in progress. I would certainly appreciate someone look into this and let me know what's going on. I definitely do not want to be charged for money I never received.
What is wrong with my top-up?
phone is gone, what should i do
Will I get a curreng foreign exchange rate?
The other bank confirmed a transfer I made, but this account is not reflecting it yet.
I did a transfer but it is still pending.
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that I really didn't make myself. Why is it happened?
I got less than what i asked for in the ATM, why?
My card rejected a cash withdrawal. Why?
I need to freeze my card as soon as possible. I just checked my account and saw that there have been several payments that I don't recognize over the course of a few days. Can we investigate and get my money back?
I'm not able to activate my card how do I fix this problem?
Where can I go to update my personal profile?
I want a real card
What kind of foreign exchange rate will I get when I exchange my money?
My money is back in my account after a seller contacted me stating they never received payment. I am positive it was deducted out of my account. Please get this sorted out right away.
Hello! I randomly got charged an extra fee today as i was shopping online and i have no idea why! Are there extra fees for card payments? Or am i missing something here?
I still don't have my pin.
Tell me why my transfer is declined.
Are there limits to top-ups?
I had to pay one pound more than the set price!
What happens if I deposit a cheque accidentally?
How can I add a new card?
How do you figure out the exchange rate? Can you explain why I got less money than expected?
How is top-up verified?
I made a card payment which is showing me pending.
How long will the $1 charge show as pending?
Will a transfer incur a fee?
How can I switch on my new card?
I need assistance with understanding which fiat currencies that you support.
What is not accepted in order for me to top up my account?
I would like to know why so much identity information is required?
Can I get a card in the US?
Why do some of my payments have fees?  I don't understand.
How do I set my physical card PIN?
I was checking my account when I saw a $500 cash withdraw that I know I didn't do.  I have my card so I don't understand how this happened.  Please help me.
It is common for an international transfer to take 2 days or longer? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago and I have not seen it yet.
Are top-ups unlimited?
How long will it take for me to get my card?
how much is it to exchange currency
The exchange rate for me was wrong when I was abroad.
I can't figure out why a transfer is still pending?
The expiration date on my card is very soon, and I need to get a new one.  What are the price and delivery options for my replacement card?
Do you do SWIFT transfers?
For what reason is my transfer still pending now?
Is there a specific date it can be delivered by?
When did I get a $1 extra fee on my statement?
The app reverted my top off.
Would I be able to get another card for my account, so I could give one to my daughter?
Two days ago I did a transfer to another account within the country.  It doesn't appear the transfer went through.  I have verified the account number several times.  Could you please check on this for me?
My card is lost!  Please help me!
I have to have several disposable cards per day.
Why did the ATM machine fail to give me a cash withdrawal?
How do I exchange currencies using this app?
I had everything lined up to make a transfer, and then it rejected it.
What is the limit on disposable cards?
If my top-up didn't transfer, what went wrong?
I deposited money but my balance hasn't been updated yet.
Do you have info about the card on delivery?
Am I able to stop a transfer?
how can i transfer money from american express card
Why is my transfer taking so long to complete?
Why do I need to verify a top-up?
Why was I not allowed to do a transfer to a beneficiary?
Are cheques accepted for a top up?
Can I exchange my money for EUR?
Why is my identity verification process not working?
Hi, I am unable to use my card in ATM. I had tried my card in two ATMs but both ATMs declined it. Could you please check my account?
My transfer to a beneficiary did not go through.  Why?
Can I pay for my gas using my Apple watch?
Where do I go to update details?
Is there a  way to  get around fees
I topped up my account and even though it was confirmed at first, the money isn't there anymore! why did this happen, and where did my money go?
Why isn't my card working?
is apple pay eligible for top up
Hey I double checked that I have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. It's not that difficult to transfer money to another country in 2018 is it?
What should I do if I think that someone might be using me card?
How can I change the PIN?  Do I have to go to a real bank?
I don't know where this debit transaction on my statement came from.
My account shows that I made a cash withdrawal but I cannot remember doing so!
Why is the ATM not allowing me to get cash?
Is it possible to access my phone from the hotel/
I need to change my personal details in my account.
Could I reactivate my card please, I couldn't find it but it turns out it was in my jacket pocket.
The ATM did not allow me to withdraw
I used my card to top up, but now I don't see the money in my account.
What kind of fees will I pay when I transfer?
I have cash deposit to my account but it is experiencing a problem
How long does it take to receive my card?
How would I go about getting a second card?
Why did my card payment not work?
My top-up has not posted.
I need to cancel a purchase?
Is the card welcomed by everybody?
Delete my account please. Now!
What do I need to do to get a refund?
Can you tell me why the card payment came back?
Where can you deliver cards?
How to access my virtual card
When should I expect to receive my card?
Is the exchange rate current?
why do i have a failed transfer
Will there be a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
Need a new passcode.
HOW LONG TO TAKE THE TIME TO SOLVE
I entered in the wrong PIN.  Please help me unlock my account.
how long does it take for a transfer from Europe to go through?
How do you top-up using cash?
What is the top-up limit?
I'm not sure what I need to verify my identity.
How can I verify my top up?
Is there a way to know when my card will arrive?
WHERE IS MY MONEY I WAS USING MY CARD AND IT DISAPPEARED
why have I got a pending transfer? I'm confused!!
what happened to the money after i put in the wrong info and it got declined
What if I need multiple disposable cards?
Why am I having trouble withdrawing cash?
Can I get a new card even though I am in China?
What could possibly be the cause of my failed transfer?
My card is showing a fee from when I used it, but I thought this card was supposed to be fee free?
I think my top-up has failed.
How does it work when I transfer money into my account?
I need to verify a payment to my new landlord. I transferred the first rent payment a few days ago. While it shows on my side, the landlord is saying he hasn't received it yet. Can you verify that it has processed?
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working?
Why has my card payment been declined?
Did you lose my money? I had added funds through top-up not long ago and I know they were in my account, but they seem to have disappeared. What happened?
Help me use American Express to add money to the account.
Why was my card payment reverted?
I was at an ATM and it swallowed my card.
My new card needs activating.
How do I fill out the identity check?
Someone hacked into my cards account.
How do I find my PIN number?
How much for an actual card?
I can't log in
i think someone is using my card to withdraw money. Someone stole my wallet. What can I do? it is urgent.
Is it possible to tell if my top up has reverted?
How can I transfer some money into a foreign account?
Can you help me activate my card
How do I verify my identity?
I must make several disposable cards every day.
I just got married and need to change my name on the account
I think someone else is using my card.
The ATM keeps declining my card. I tried at a couple different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's a problem with my account?
When I was traveling abroad, the exchange rate was applied wrong.
I have a contactless that's broken.
Why is my top up not completing?
Google Pay Top up isn't working
This transaction needs both a Visa and a Mastercard.
How do I active this card?
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me a different amount than what I've been actually charged though...
what currencies can i exchange between on your app?
Does my PIN come with my card?
Are top-ups allowed using Apple Pay?
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer immediately. I cannot do anything from the app.
Which countries do you work with?
Do you have any restrictions to my top-up?
Im waiting for my transaction to go through.
When will my cheque process?
Would I be able to top up as much as I can?
I have a card payment that I don't recognize. What should I do?
I need you to cancel a transfer that I made.  It is the wrong account number and the app won't let me stop the transaction.  Please stop it!
I asked for 100 but only got 20.
Your system is broken. My transfers keep failing, 5 times now.
Why did the funds not transfer to another recipient?
Can I check my recent refund in my statement?
Can I use my apple watch to top-up?
The app won't let me top up my account
I need to transfer money into my account, how do I go about doing this?
What are the auto-top up policies?
I'm still waiting for my card that was issued a week ago. What should I do?
How much would I be charged for a transfer?
Why am I still not able to see the money I deposited a week ago? This is urgent!!
Is there a reason I was charged an extra fee for using the ATM?
The app rejected my top up
Make me understand why I am charged an extra fee when I use the ATM.
My app says I withdraw money from my account from an ATM.
I've made a transfer, how long until the money reaches my account?
I'm not sure why my top up request was denied
how should i add money to my card
Who is giving me my money?
my payment was rejected
I'm in China and need a new card. Please help.
How fast can you deliver?
I have an outgoing transfer
Is auto top up available?
Can i get payed through this system?
I am not satisfied with your company.  Close my account.
I decided I no long want something that I ordered, and want a refund. How do I go about doing that?
How do I know when my card will expire?
Please explain the fee on a transfer I made.
Exchange rate for my card payment is wrong
Why was my card payment declined?
How do I know where my money comes from?
I need to know what is going on. I'm attempting to purchase a flat and need the money to pay on my initial mortgage payment. I'm only getting an error. Can you find out what's going on and help in making the transfer?
Do you ship your cards anywhere?
I wish to top up using a cheque.
Which currencies do you handle?
Hi, I sent my landlord my rent money a few days ago and while everything seems good on my end he says that he never got the money. I double checked the account number and it's correct. Can you help me figure this out?
how do I link an old card?
Can I link an existing card?
How do I modify my details?
Are you able to explain the restrictions of the disposable cards?
Where do I go to add a new card?
Is there any way to cancel my transfer
Why didn't the ATM give me all my money
I need to transfer funds from China and quick expedition is crucial. Approximately how long does it take for a transfer from China to go through?
How long does it take for transfers to be approved?  I sent funds to my girlfriend, and she says that she has not seen any approved funds in her account.
Any hidden fees associated with the international card if money is added?
I ordered something, and now I have buyer's remorse. Since what I ordered hasn't come yet, can you just cancel the payment since I already know I want a refund for it?
My credit card payment has been in pending status for a super long time.  I don't get it.  Why is it like this?  When will it go through?
Why am I unable to verify my id?
can I be charged for topping up by card
Why do I need to verify my identity?
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or try an alternative
Not sure what my password is.
The amount of money I pushed at the atm machine did not come out of the machine.
I would like help to revert a transaction I did this morning
Can you tell me how I would go about learning where my funds came from?
Can I top up by cheque?
What happens with the duplicate charge in my account?
How many days does it take until funds are in my account?
What is your age limit?
Have you sent out my card yet?
I got my American Express in Apple Bay but top up is not working
top up for my american express card is not working
I don't recognize some of the transactions on my card, I think someone must have gotten my card info and used it.
Something is wrong with the top up! I'm a regular customer and use your service all the time, usually this works but now it just shows up as pending
Please provide details on how to top up my account using transfer option
Can you tell me why my top up was reverted?
I don't know where this transaction came from?
My card payment was reverted, why?
My top-up has failed.
Where can I withdraw money from?
When can I expect delivery?
Is there a top up fee for transfer?
Is there anywhere my card will not be accepted?
Why do transfers get declined?
I messed up a transfer and need to reverse it.
Can you tell me if a credit/refund is coming from a seller? I asked for refund directly from them and am still waiting. It's been a week now and i still havn't seen my refund yet.
Someone I don't know has used my card without permission.
HELP! I tried to get cash and it gave me some, but not the right amount!
A transfer to my account shows as still pending and I wanted to know how long it is suppose to take to clear.
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know what it's for
I found my card in my jacket this morning, so can I reactivate it?
Will I be able to get a disposable virtual card as well?
Why did I get charged for something I bought online? Even though it was international, I thought it would be covered.
Can I order a virtual card?
Why isn't a recent refund on my statement?
Why is there a charge for $1 on my account?
Why did you charge me for taking out cash?
Can I have my money refunded for an item
why was a transfer declined
What does a pending cash withdrawal mean?
I am afraid to give you all my identify details.
What would I be charged in receiving a SEPA transfer?
I think that my card has been stolen!
Can I get an item refunded?
I am having trouble finding the top-up card verification code.
I had a duplicate card and bought something and it showed up twice. I canceled my card, how do I get my money back?
I have lost my card, but need to place an online order! How do I get a virtual card instantly?
I need to transfer funds from my other bank account into this bank account.
What is the charge for exchanging currencies?
Where can I use my card?
can I choose a date for delivery?
I would like to make sure it is delivered on a certain date.
I've deposited a check but the cash isn't showing that it's there yet.
How can my friend transfer money to me?
How can I see where my money comes from?
I am being charged a transfer fee aren't they free?
Tell me how a top up would be reverted.
Why is my money not in my account. I have already sent it out.
My PIN can't access my card, can you help?.
I was declined when I tried to get cash.
How do I make sure I don't run out of money on my card while traveling?
Help me find the transfer that I did.
How long will it take for my transferred money to show up?
My transfer didn't complete. Why can't I access funds?
I am angry that I got charged for using my card.
I need to find out why my transfer didn't get there.
I'm supposed to be getting a refund but it hasn't shown up, now what?
Where's my card PIN?
how do i change name?
What kind of cash machines would allow me to change my PIN?
My account balance doesn't reflect an update I made by cheque yesterday. Is something wrong or is the system slow?
The exchange rate was not correct for the item I bought.
I was charged multiple times for one transaction.
I want a virtual card!
Why do I have to verify my identity?
I have a cheque here, can I use it to top off my account?
When will the money show in my account?
Can you tell me how to get a disposable virtual card?
Why have I not yet received my virtual card?
How do I change my details?
Can you tell me where I can order a disposable virtual card?
How old do you have to be to be able to open an account?
Cash withdrawal still pending?
I'd like to open an account for my kids can I do that?
How much am I charged to receive money?
I believe my top up is still pending
What is the next step if my card is about to expire.
Where can I find my PIN? I haven't gotten it yet.
I going to be traveling, can I set up auto top-up if I run low on money?
Where can I find the top up verification code?
Do cash machines let me change my pin?
I didn't receive the correct amount of cash when I exchanged it overseas.
My card was topped this morning but I can't see the funds. Why didn't it complete?
My card was declined and I did not receive money from the ATM earlier, yet it show on my account that it is pending.
how do I know where I can get money withdrawn?
Where are your cards delivered to?
why has a transaction to a friend been delayed?
What do I do if I find a debit charge that I know I didn't do in my billing statement?
This company is terrible! Can you delete my account?
Can my children have their own account?
My top-up was cancelled, could my bank be the problem?
Do I receive the physical card for free
Hey, I need some help figuring out way my transfer is not complete yet. My Landlord hasn't got the money yet.She should have received it by now.
My transaction has not been received. When are you going to process it?
Do you charge a fee for adding money in USD?
How do I go forth verifying my top-up card?
My wallet was taken and I see that someone is using my card!   Please help me!
How do I become aware of where my funds come from?
Where can I find the "auto-top" feature?
I purchased something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect.
What are the benefits of a disposable card?
Why is the check I deposited this morning not showing up?
Could you please help me figure out why the seller has not received their money after I sent it.
Why was my cash withdrawal cancelled at the ATM?
I lost my phone!
Is a physical charge extra
Why isn't my google top-up pay working?
When will I see the cash I deposited this morning as available?
I am trying to find out how to exchange currency X with currency Y.
Hi, I'm trying to transfer money from one country to another, but it's taking a long time! All the account information is right, so why is it taking so long?
Why would the app show a withdrawal that I did not make?
I deposited a cheque, but the balance hasn't changed yet.
i didnt put that money in my account
I'm really concerned because I only made one transaction, but it's appearing multiple times.
My phone is missing or stolen.
Why did my top-up not get approved this time?
My transaction is on the wrong account.
I don't understand why you aren't accepting my transfer. After a couple times trying I'm still getting an error message.
What is the process for setting up and account for my child?
My address needs to be revised.
I initiated a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending", how long will it take to clear?
In my account I noticed my ATM withdrawal is still pending
Even though it's late, I wanted to see about disputing a charge. I was just looking through my transactions over the past couple of months and noticed a pretty large amount that was not completed by me. Is this possibly something I can still do.
Do you offer free ATM withdrawals of ones hometown currency while on holiday?
I have received my American express in apple play, looks like top up has an issue, please help?
My payment had a wrong exchange rate.
Using international ATMs messes up the exchange rate.
How do I get my card to work?
Hi,  Please help me, as i have transferred some amount but receiver did not get the same amount. He received a bit less. Due to this again i need to transfer the difference.   I have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. Now i have transfer the difference of the amount. I think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
I've forgotten my app passcode completely.
When my card expires soon, how fast is the replacement card sent and what are the costs?
What do I do if there is a direct debit on my account that shouldn't be there?
Please explain your exchange rate policy.
I need to know your exchange rates.
how do the cards work?
What do I do if my card is stolen?
Why is my top-up showing as cancelled?
I need to get an actual card so that I can use it for in person transactions. How would I do this?
I need to exchange between different currencies, like GBP and USD. Can I do that with your app?
I tried to make a transfer but it failed. will you tell me why?
I wasn't charged the correct amount for an item I purchased, how can I fix this?
What about my children?
I would like to make a transfer. How much does it cost?
Why can't I transfer my money into someone else's account? I should be able to do so right? Why does it keep rejecting my transfer? There's no reason, all my info is correct and the money is there.
Account topping up bank transfers to my account assistance please?
Can I reset the passcode?
How can I check how much free spending I have left? I have some big purchases coming up and want to know where I can look for any info.
Since I just got married I need to change my name.
My identity verification didn't work
My payment has been declined several times.  Can you help me?
I made a bank transfer a couple of hours ago from my UK account.  It hasn't appeared, can you check to make sure it went through?
Unsure how to provide my identity.
Are there any top-up limits that I must follow?
can i get a virtual card
I have no more money in my account.  Is there a way to do a bank transfer to put money into my account?
I relocated and need to change my personal details.
Do I need to convert my currency from GBP before transferring?
I was under the impression I can make transfers for free. I made an online purchase for something that was obroad and there's some additional strange fee. I've never seen this before and this isn't fair.
I checked the app and saw an extra cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize
What do you require for identification verification?
Report stolen card
The refund I asked for isn't showing up
Why didnt my top up go through
Is there currency exchange on this app?
To many charges on my card how do I go about fixing that?
The app is showing that I received alot more money than I actually received from the ATM. This occurred earlier today.
Why does a top- up need to be verify?
Where do you export the cards to?
I received my new card and tried using it today, just to have it show declined over and over again.  Why is this happening?
What does my daughter need to open an account?
How do I add a card to the app?
Can I specify a day for my card to be delivered?
My balance didn't change after I transferred some money.
Which countries are represented?
Can i top up by card?
How come I can see an extra charge for my transfer?
I sent money to someone but they haven't gotten it, what's going on?
I have a strange transaction on my account which appears to pertain to a cash withdrawal I made outside Nandos in Leeds.  What is that for?  Is it fraud?
I don't recognize this payment
What is my source of funds?
My latest payment was declined! What happened! I was told everything had been resolved and was back to working order again.
Where is my virtual card?
What happened to my Top-Up? It's not reflected.
Hi, It's urgent, please freeze my card. As someone has withdrawn money using my card in odd remote town. Since i have not done this withdrawal. Do it fast.
Will you charge me for topping up with a European card?
What do you do with all the identity information you're collecting from me?
Where do I go if I want to link my new card?
How can I dispute a debit transaction?
I received the wrong exchange rate for an item i bought.
I'm trying to move money from my account to elsewhere, but it's giving me an error message.
Is there a disposable virtual card I can order?
Why was a transfer to an account not allowed?
How long will it take to get my refund
I was under the impression that transfers were going to be free and here I was charged for something I bought overseas!  I don't think this fee is right
How much does it cost to get more cards?
What is the refund process?
There is a direct debit that's not mine.
I want to reset my passcode, how can I do that?
Why wasn't my payment accepted by the app
And do you have virtual cards instead of physical ones?
How can I find out about an extra fee on my statement?
Where can I get my card at?
I have an issue. I bought something within the past one to two weeks and have received one of the products; however, today the total was returned to my account. What's going on here?
When my card expires, will I get a new one mailed to me?
What if I need to use GBP instead of USD?
How to verify my identity
Am I able to change my PIN at any cash machines?
Hello, I just checked my card transactions and saw that I was charged twice for a restaurant visit I did earlier this week. Is it possible to remove one of them and get my false paid money pack?
I think a card payment I made was cancelled, can you check?
How much extra will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
I think the exchange rate for my for my cash withdrawal is wrong
What is the base amount for cross-currency exchanges?
I found a charge on my debit that I did not make.
Are you going to charge me to top up my card?
The ATM keeps declining my card! I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is alright with my account??
Im not sure if a seller is giving me my money back! I asked them to refund my money for the item but It's been a week now and still nothing has been given back to me. Can you resolve this for me?
My credit card cancelled a payment for a purchase.
Can I use this to receive my salary?
I think youre system may be broken because I have tried transfer money 5x and it isnt working!  I'm not doing anything complicated it is what I usually do.
What are the additional charges for a SWIFT transfer?
My husband and I went out for our weekly "dinner and a movie," and it was my turn to pick up the check. Now I see that my card was charged twice. Who should I contact about negating the second charge and getting my card credited?
What is the purpose for the identity check
Why can't I withdraw money?
There is an extra small charge on my card! What do I do?
I see cash withdrawal activity in the app that is not mine.
Can someone in the US have a card?
Can I cancel a transaction?
Can I auto-top up?  How do I do it?
How do you determine exchange rates?
The cash withdrawal I took seems to be off. The exchange rate is wrong.
You did not apply the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
How old do my children need to be to open an account?
Why did my transfer to a beneficiary fail?
What happened to my cash deposit?
The cast deposit from a week ago still is not in my account. Why?
My transfer failed, why?
What is the maximum times I can auto top-up?
What is the reason for the fee charge on my transfer?
Hi, i was checking my old statements and found a discrepancy with a large amount transaction. I am sure it was not done by me. Please let me know if i could raise a dispute as its very late.
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but I wasn't able to get it to work. Is my card with issue? It's the first time I tried using it.
What is taking so long with my top up?
Help! In the app there is a payment that I don't remember.
How do I dispute a direct debit that I didn't do?
How do I get a new card sent to China?
I checked my statement and saw a charge of one pound, where is this charge coming from?
I thought it was free to make a withdrawal. So how much does it cost now?
Where's accounting for my cash withdrawal?
Why did I get a fee?
Which ATMs accept this card?
If someone sends me money, will I be charged?
Change my pin?
I requested a refund, and never received it. What can I do?
Can I apply for one of your cards if I live in the EU?
I have no idea why there is a dollar that has been charged to my account.
The ATM stole my card!
I went to an ATM to get cash, but the app says the withdrawal is still pending. How is that possible when I already have the cash with me?
How do I validate my identity.
I made a transaction this morning and would like to revert it.
What fiat currencies are used for holdings?
Why is my withdrawl to cash still pending?
What is the wait time for delivery to the US?
I need to know if everything is okay here. After making a transfer from a UK account it doesn't show up. How long does this normally take to process?
The machine gave me the wrong amount of cash.
Can I get a physical card
How can I top up my account with a card?
I really need to know how to change my pin.
Am I the only one who can top-up my account?
How do I actually obtain a card myself?
I want to open an account for my child.
The cash abroad exchange rate is applied wrong.
Transferring money in 2018 to another country shouldn't take this long. My transfer has been pending for too long. I verified my account details are correct.
The app is showing mt withdrawals that aren't  mine.
there is a transfer pending.
Can I have a card even if I am not living in the UK?
I am waiting patiently for a week now for the seller to get back to me and there has been no response, could you please help me further with getting my money back.  Thank you.
Why do you need to know where my money is coming from?
Can I verify a top-up and what card is used?
I want to get a Visa card
How did my top-up fail?
How do you decide what the exchange rates are?
Are you only able to get a card if you're in the UK?
How do I change my currency to another?
Why would you cancel my transfer?
My card is not working at stores.
Unbeknownst to me, there was an additional charge on my prior transaction. A notification of sorts should be required and explained before future payments are made.
What can I do to verify my identity?
Do I really need to verify my identity?
Can I dispute a debit payment that I am seeing that I didn't make from a couple of months ago?
At what age can my children use your service?
Explain the activation method for this card
How long does it take to get a refund on something I bought?
It's been a week since you issued me a card and I still didn't get it. Should I keep waiting?
I topped up but the app denied it
Where can I modify my information?
Do you do business in the EU?
I no longer want this can i cancel my purchase?
Just received my replacement card, what steps do i need to take to activate it?
I tried to buy something online yesterday and got a message saying declined. I tried again today and got the same message. What's the problem?
Are their certain cash machines where I can change my pin?
Hi, I'm in progress of purchasing a flat and am trying to make to make a payment.  An error is appearing, and I need assistance.
What is the process to link the new card?
Um, my top up didn't work
I want to change my PIN.
Hello.  I ran into a problem with a transfer this morning.  I was trying to send money to some friends but when I tried to send it, the transfer failed.  I don't know what is causing the transfer to be rejected.  Please let me know what is causing the problem.  Thanks.
The ATM gave me less cash than requested
I would like to move money from one account to another to top off my account. Can you explain how I can do that?
There was a charge made on my card from a couple weeks ago and I don't remember making the purchase. Nor do I remember the company itself. Can we trace this at all to confirm if I did it or not?
How can I find the top-up verification code?
Please terminate my account.
Please tell me what the exchange fee is.
Is there a limit to how much I can top up?
Is there a fee for topping up
Is there a charge for physical cards
I was wondering how long does it take for a payment to go thru? It seems my last payment is stuck and hasn't moved.
I notice a transaction a couple of weeks ago in my account, from a seller that I don't recognize. Is there a way we can trace back the information to make sure it was truly something I did?
can i get a virtual card online
Send my card as soon as you are able to.
My card is not working.
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not do.
Why was my virtual card declined when attempting to setup automatic billing?
Where is the transfer I started?
You promised no fees but now I've got one. What the hell!?
How long does it take for a card to arrive?
Why have i been charged a fee for using my card?
I would like to transfer funds from one account to another.
May I transfer a cheque into my account?
Will it automatically top-up if there isn't much money left?
Is it possible someone has access to my card? I noticed that there are a couple of payments in the app I'm sure I did not make. Can you find out what's going on here?
What should I do if the atm eats my card?
Hi need your help for getting the refund or cancel the payment of an item, i have ordered but still have not received it.
Are SWIFT transfers accepted?
I can't log in with this passocde
Can I exchange currency to Europe?
Do you support top ups?
Please help!  The app won't let me cancel a money transfer.  I accidently sent money to an account that wasn't mine.  I need this cancelled immediately.
I would like to receive instructions showing the verification process for top up cards..
How long will a cash withdrawal be pending?
Can my daughter open an account?
How long does it take for me to get my new card?
Where is the transfer to my account that I made?
It is impossible to verify my identity
What kind of security protects my money?
Could you please check one of my transfer which i made few hours ago from my UK bank account, as its not showing yet.
The exchange rate was different when I got cash
Are there limits to businesses that will accept this card?
How fast can I transfer something from China?
I must verify the source of my funds
I was charge a fee for my transfer, why?
How long after a failed topup will funds refurn to account
Are there going to be fees from adding money with an international card?
Why is my beneficiary not allowed?
When getting my ID checked, what are the steps involved?
Do you know which businesses will accept my card?
Do I need to do anything special for my friend to send money to my account?
Can I get some money exchanged?
Do you support other currencies?
Why is my card being declined when I try to do a top-up? How can this be immediately resolved?
I purchased something overseas and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
How do I deposit through bank transfer?
why would i be declined if i had money iin my account
what are the locations i can withdraw money
How do you fix  my card payment?
The app reverted the payment I made.
How long does it take for a money transfer to show?
Where will I get my card?
I am in Austria right now. I need to change my PIN ASAP, so can I still do this from here?
I am trying to make a transfer to a different account but they keep getting declined. I have double checked all the details and the information is correct.
If I need more than cards will I have to pay a fee to receive them?
why hasn't my top up gone through yet
I need to check status as my friend hasn't got money I sent.
I was charged a transfer fee, why is that?
Where can I find Mastercard ATMs?
I require verification of my source of funds.
I tried to withdraw cash from the ATM machine and it did not work. Can you tell me why?
When will my top-up go through?
Can i get money in my home currency at some ATM ? As I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
I'm waiting for a transfer from the US, how much longer?
The transfer to my account was not allowed.
How's the exchange rate?
Are there any fees to get additional cards?
Can I have my card delivered on Tuesday?
Where can I order my virtual card?
I can't find out how to top-up my account using cash.
Why do I see a fee when I do a transfer?
When will I see my cash, since I already deposited my check?
My disposable virtual card won't work.
How do I verify the source of my funds?
I would like to be assisted with the activation of my card.
I want to cancel a transaction.
How would I use a disposable card?
Why are there fees for card usage?
Questionable transactions on my account.
I sent money to a person and they haven't received the payment yet.
There's a refund missing from my statement
I do not recognize a direct debit payment that I see on my app
I think there may be something wrong with my card. I have never had issues with withdraws before, but this morning on the way to work it was suddenly declined.
What is your currency exchange fee?
Where are the locations of ATMs that accept this card?
How do I top up? Can I use my apple watch?
I need help cancelling a transaction.
How do I find the refund on my statement?
Why am I being declined?
I need to top up using a cheque
Let me know when I get charged extra for payments. I saw on the app a fee I wasn't forewarned about.
i accidentally entered in my retailers information, what should i do next
Can I mail in a check to top up?
Can I use my card at any ATMs?
Do I get charged if I get money?
how do i get a new card
I want to top up my account by a bank transfer, but will I be charged?
How can I receive my salary with a different currency?
Is it possible to verify a top up?
Are cards available to those outside of the UK?
How can I find out where the funds are flow?
Currency exchanges have any extra fees?
I'm not in the UK, but can I still get a card?
Can you make exchanges with the EUR?
What is the fee charged with this card payment?
What should I do if I've tried to enter my PIN too often?
Which ATMs accept this bill of fare ?
Why should I verify the top-up?
I can't get the card itself to work.
How do I top up by card?
When I went to withdraw cash today the ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash. The app is showing a larger amount.
My card is needed soon
Why hasn't my balance increased after depositing a check?
Do all businesses take this card?
The cash I tried to draw from the ATM was not approved.
I didn't set up a direct debit payment on my account.
My transfer was declined. Why did this happen?
Will my GPB update my salary
There was a direct debit from my account and I didn't authorise it
What is this direct debit in my statement?
What ATM machines allow this card?
I deposited cash into my account and I'm having trouble seeing it on my account.
Is it simple to transfer money using my credit card?
My new card isn't in my app, how do I get it in there?
How come I have pending transfers?
I keep checking my bank statements but I don't see a refund that I've requested from a seller. Can you ensure that I receive the refund from the seller?
Is EUR one of the currencies you deal with?
Why am I being charged to withdrawal money?
Hey, I tried to withdraw some cash earlier and it's saying it's pending? Will I be charged for this?
Why have I not gotten my new card?
My statement shows charges for things I never purchased. Were my account details stolen?
Am I allowed to give my daughter one of my cards to use?
The refund doesn't show in my account
If I top up by transfer, am I going to be charged?
i did not get any money but still was charged
The disposable cards - what are they for?
What are the steps I need to take to verify my identity?
Will I be charged a fee for topping up using a European card?
How old do I need to be to open an account?
what is this fee for transfering
I would like to track a card sent to me, how do I do that?
Payment did not process
For the identity check, do I need any kind of documentation?
A transfer has been made in my account that I need to cancel.  This was a mistake on my part and I hope we can get this resolved quickly.
Can I link another card to my account?
What's the limit for disposable virtual cards?
When will the card arrive?
The money would not transfer to a beneficiary.
I think my child used my card while I wasn't home.
What are the countries you operate in.
Is there a charge for exchanging foreign currencies?
Where is the card I ordered 2 weeks ago?
The item i bought exchanged rate was incorrect.
Show me the amount of transactions I can do with a disposable card.
My money disappeared right when I tried to top up
How was I charged extra when I used my card to pay?
There was money taken out of my account, and I'm pretty sure I didn't do it.
I need to know where do my funds come from
Please help me delete this account.
How do I find the exchange rate?
How do I replace my card before it expires?
Is there an alternative to a physical card?
I didn't make a payment that shows in my app.
Please help me.  My card is missing.
When should I receive my virtual card?
I used my card for a purchase and was charged a fee
Tell me how to replace my expired card.
There are funds in my app that I did not receive.
I took out money from the ATM and it's still showing as pending?
The app is showing an ATM withdrawl that I didn't make.
How long do EU transfers actually take? I recently bought something online a few days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
Is there a charge for getting more cards?
locations to withdraw money
Will you accept my credit card?
What is the procedure for an expired card?
Are your cards supported in the EU?
How do I verify the top-up card?
The transaction for the cash I pulled out of the ATM earlier is pending in the app, but how if I already have the cash?
Can I add to my account balance with a cheque?
What different currencies can I get?
How much does a transfer cost?
I deposited a cheque with some money, but the balance hasn't changed.
I need a list of currencies you accept for exchange.
Someone is making transactions on my account, I think they took my card information.
When will my transfer post to my account?
Someone else made a Direct Debit transaction on my account
I didn't cancel my card payment.
I want to cancel the transaction I made earlier
Is it possible for me to top up with cash?
What fees are there for adding money using an international card
What can I do if my card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks?
How old does my daughter have to be to open an account?
Lost password
I'm not able to verify my identity.
Help me activate my card.
Which fiat currencies are compatible for exchange and holding?
Why is there a pending transaction on my card?
I had to pay money for paying with my card.
Can you please explain the topping up transfer process?
My bill shows the same charge more than once
How do I reactivate a card I thought I lost?
the balance has not changed, but I have deposited some money
I believe that a card payment I made was cancelled.
What are disposable virtual cards?
Is there a place to check for fee for payments? I feel like I'm getting charged too much at times.
What is the estimated date for delivery to US?
I need to get my card quickly
I paid with card and I was charged a fee
I paid with my card and I was charged a fee
My PIN is unlocked, what do I do?
Is there a charge for receiving money?
Can you tell me how transferring money into my account works?
My statement indicates I made a payment to an unfamiliar merchant.
Can you tell me why my top-up was canceled?
I would appreciate that someone let me know when there is an extra charge for payments. I was checking the app earlier and saying a charge on one of my payments that was additional that no one made me aware of before.
I need you to stop the transfer I just started as soon as possible, I just realized it's not correct!
There is an extra $1 charge
My mother deposited a cheque into my account last week, why is it still not showing up?
Do you have a list of the cards and currencies supported?
how do i get into my account and edit my details
Can I freeze my card right now?
The ATM ate my card; how do I get a new one?
What is the expected delivery date of my card?
I was unable to activate my card.
There is  an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did it charge me extra?
I made a money transaction but the recipient can't see it
I am trying to revert a transcation I did this morning
I want to change my account details.
Why do I have a transaction showing up more than once?
Why is there extra cash in my account?
Is there anyway, I can get a disposable virtual card?
Hello. I have a transaction in my account listed as pending. I tried to use an ATM at the city centre, but the machine declined my card, and I did not receive the money. Why is the transaction still pending if I did not receive the money.
Is the system down? I've been trying to do a transfer and have failed?
Why is there a fee on my money transfer?
How old do I need to be?
I might have been charged on my debit statement by fraud.
I can't freeze my account as I need the card as I am traveling, how do I change my pin?
My Netflix subscription says that there is an issue with my card information, but I thought everything was fine. Why would it be declined?
I tried to transfer money and it did not work.
my cash balance less than what I thought
Why is top-up verified?
Why didn't I get the amount I requested at the ATM?
Can friends add to my account
Why won't my card accept any transactions?
Oh no!  I lost my card!  Help!
I need the right foreign money, at the right rate, at ATMs, when I go abroad.
What does it mean if my top-up has not gone through?
I topped up by card a while ago and it's still pending, surely it should be done by now?
How can I top-ff my account using my Apple Watch?
There is a direct debit payment on my account that I didn't authorize.
Errors keep showing up every time I try to make this transfer and I am on a time crunch,  could you please help.
I could not transfer funds to a beneficiary; is there a problem with your software?
How do I check my security settings to allow contactless pay?
My app says that I'm not verified.
I'm cancelling this charge. I still have not received what I bought from these people a while ago.
My card wants to be topped what do you guys support?
How do I freeze my account?
Would I get a Visa or Mastercard?
Why didn;t my payment work
Where do I top up?
How can I fund another account with my American Express?
I was double charged
Hey, I got charged extra for some reason when I purchased an app. Is this a hidden fee or something? I don't think it's very cool.
Why do you keep declining my payment?I tried several times with this card and it is just not working.
What's up with the extra fee I got?
I was charged a fee for a transfer. Where did it come from?
What locations can I get money from?
I need a refund?
I tried taking out 30 pounds from the ATM just now and it only gave me 10. Why would it do that? I need the 30 pounds now!
I see an unauthorized withdraw.
Do you charge extra for topping up with a debit or credit card?
Can I get some help activating my new card?
I have a service fee that I've never seen before. It showed up after I bought something from an international seller online.
Where do you deliver cards to?
I'm still waiting on my identity verification.
Tell me how to renew my new card?
Does this app allow currencies to be exchanged?
I believe my money did not go through with my top up, was there a problem on your end?
What is the top up code for?
I don't live in the UK. Can I still get a card?
Why do I see an extra fee on my statement?
Can you please disable my current account.
Is it possible for me to give my daughter a second card for this account?
I want to transfer money from another account into this one.
The rate of exchange for my cash withdrawal is wrong.
Hello. I'm on holiday and didn't bring any cash with me. I need to withdrawal my home currency from one of your machines. Do you have any that will do this and is there a charge?
For some reason my account's been charged an extra dollar.
How can I verify if a cash withdrawal was made from my account? I still have my card with me but I did not authorize the withdrawal that just occurred.
why does my statement contain an extra fee?
Why does my statement have these extra charges?
How do I exchange my GBP to AUD?
What are the fees for using a European bank card?
there's a delay in my top-up
Are my friends able to top up my account?
The transfer keeps failing , I tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, Would you please check the issue?
I made a terrible mistake when typing in my account number.  I accidently sent money to the wrong account.  I noticed the app won't allow me to void the transaction.  Can someone help me with this immediately?
What is the limit on Auto top?
Why does my account have a pending cash withdrawal?
top up google pay, is it possible?
I used my card to make a payment and wondered why the payment was reverted?
I don't understand where this charge came from.
I deposited cash this morning and I am still waiting
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount, the app shows the amount that I've been actually charged though...
Can you check if my money has reached my account since it is not showing up yet?
I need help- I got mugged yesterday and they took everything so I can't use the app.
When should I expect my card to arrive?
There's a duplicate charge on my account?
Are there ways to transfer money into my account?
I was wondering if there were any discounts offered for frequent currency exchanges?
Disaster, I've totally forgotten my passcode, can you help me?
How long do you have to wait to see your virtual card your ordered?
I cannot get my virtual card to work.
What's the youngest I can be to open an account?
What should I do if I see a withdrawal is pending?
Why can't I see my refund in my statement?
Can you tell me the restrictions for the disposable cards?
Is there a fee for sending out more cards?
I'm going on a trip soon and I needed to convert my Russian ruble to UK pounds, but when I did, your company charged me above the exchange rate. Did you mess up my transaction?
I want to close my account & I will never do business with you again.
Please could you give me a refund
My salary is in GBP; how can I note this in the app?
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.
I got less cash at the ATM than I asked for. Why?
is apple pay costly?
How long do EU transfers actually take? I bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
What if my top up is reverted?
Why does top-up require verification?
What ATMs can I withdraw money from?
Can you tell me what cards and currencies you support?
Which ATMs accept this card?
Why was there a fee for my cash withdrawal?
Please send a new card; the ATM ate mine.
What are the steps to activating a new card?
Can I get a spare card for someone else to use?
Help! I keep checking my account, but my refund is not showing. I requested that a seller refund my money a while back, but there is no money showing in my account. What can you do for me?
How do I get a refund for an item I bought?
What do I do when my card is about to expire?
What foreign exchange rate will I get on weekdays and on the weekends?
How do I find out why my card won't work?
Tell me why there is an extra charge when I used an ATM?
What's the limit for auto top-up?
Can my password be reset if I do not have it?
Do top-ups have a limit?
What forms of ID should I use for verification?
How old do you need to be to use the banks services?
I can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. Please help.
Why was my card declined in a shop?
Why is there a charge when I took out money?
An ATM swallowed my credit card!
Can I verify my identity?
I am still awaiting the money I put into my account this morning.
Help me locate the nearest ATM.
How do I use bank transfer to top up my account?
How long do I wait for a transfer from the United States?
What is the charge for sending out more cards?
why wouldnt the atm give me money
Is it possible to top up with Google Pay?
I attempted to get cash but was declined.
Is there an additional cost to exchange currencies?
Where on the website do I go to link my card?
I can't withdraw any money from my account. Ive tried a couple different ATM machines and both of them wouldn't give me my money. What's going on? Is my account frozen or something?
I had a payment reverted and would like to figure out why.
how come my transfer declined
where can i have a virtual card
Can you tell me why my top-up failed?
How do I find out what countries you service and what countries you do not?
How much does it cost to top up by transfer?
Do I need to verify my identity?
I got billed an extra pound!
Why was I charged a fee when I withdrew money?
Could I get a MasterCard and Visa from you?
What is the fee for topping up a US card?
where do I top up my google pay?
Tell me why my balance did not change when I tranferred cash.
What should I do if someone stole my phone?
I tried to use my card today in the restaurant but it didn't work and just got declined. What's wrong?
Please let me know how to change my PIN?
There are a couple payments with my card in the app I see that I didn't create. What is happening? Maybe someone gained access to my account.
My new landlord is a lier and is trying to rip me off by saying I've not paid my rent when I have paid my rent.  What is going on?  They say the money hasn't got to them but I see it going out of my account.  Can you check that the money went to the right place?
I didn't get the right amount of  cash because of the exchange rate.
I'm trying to verify my top-up card, but I can't find the code...?
Is exchanging currencies one of your app services?
what is the price of a transfer?
My statement shows different transaction times.
What countries are supported?
Why did I only get $20 when I tried to get $100
I need a refund on a direct debit that shows in the app because I did not make it.
I made a transaction but did it to the wrong account.
I need to cancel my card.  There are a few charges from a couple days ago that I didn't make.  Can I get credit for these charges?
tell me how to get a refund for something I bought.
My card is not able to be activated how do I get it to work?
How can I transfer money using my credit card?
I got a message that my transfer was declined.
I'm still waiting for my card.
Will you handle EUR?
What do I do if I forgot my PIN?
Why hasn't my cash arrived from a deposited check?
Can you provide me a disposable virtual card?
What is the importance of verifying the top-up?
Can I have a friend send money directly to me?
I couldnt transfer money from my account.
I have a top up that didn't go through.  Why?
I made a big purchase that I regretted and cancelled, the merchant said that my refund was submitted. Can you confirm to me that all of my money was truly returned to me?
I need to change my PIN.
Is there a way yo change my PIN?
I am waiting for a payment to be processed
There's an error with the rate that is charged.
Can I top-up any amount I wish on any given day?
When will you be taking orders for disposable virtual cards?
What do I do if my card was stolen.
Where did this extra €1 fee on my statement come from?
What happens when I am charged twice?
What is happening?  I have tried to transfer money 5x already.  Is the system down?  This shouldnt be happening as this is a basic transfer.
I would like to delete my account now, please.
I noticed my card was used in a small town that I have never been to. Can you stop the card from being used more?
why was i charged a small amount
I made a transfer a few hours ago from a UK banking account.  I do not yet see the transfer.  Please check on this for me.
I want to get a refund.
Am I able to get this shipped to China?
The app doesn't think it's me.
The transfer is coming up as pending the payment is due today. Will I be charged a fee?
Why did they charge me an extra $1?
I accidentally made a transaction to the wrong account.
Please explain the exchange rates.
Why was my top-up declined?
My money I had was gone and I could not get gas!
I'm on holiday and I noticed a different amount for exchange rate.  Can you explain?
I will need a new card because mine is almost expired.  How fast do I get a replacement and what is the cost?
I got double charged for a payment so how do I fix that?
What was the extra charge for withdrawing money?
I made a mistake of transferring, can I cancel my previous transfer?
After transfering some money my balance hasn't changed.
Will declined funds I tried to withdraw be returned to me?
How do I go through the identity checks?
My Identity verification hasn't passed yet is it possible to use my account?
Please tell me, do you use Visa or Mastercard?
I want to close my account due to poor customer service.
Someone took my card without my permission.
How do I withdraw money?
I feel as though I have been over charged for the exchange rate on my payment on last Saturday.
Where are the cards transported to?
I want to change the wrong exchange rate.
is there a reason i need to verify top up
What do I do if the ATM swallowed my card?
My transfer failed, why did that happen?
I haven't received money from a transfer?
What countries do you support?
I'm wondering how long it takes for my money to get to me after a bank transfer.
How can I top up my Google Pay?
What are the fees for top-ups?
Could you please tell me how to activate my new card?
Can I transfer money to my credit card?
With my credit card i would like to transfer money.
where can i located the auto top up function?
Do these virtual cards have any caps on using them?
Can I use google pay to top up?
Why is it required to verify my identity?
Transfer unable to be completed, states 'declined'
What do I do to verify my source of funds?
I think my card is lost.  What do I do?
2 weeks ago I ordered my new card.  It isn't here.  What should I do?
What is the wait time for a transfer from the US?
Will I get Visa or MasterCard?
help me find the top-up card's verification code?
My card gets rejected when I try to use it
How do I use a disposable virtual card?
Can I unblock my PIN in the app?
I bought something and the money appeared back into my account? Why?
I need to get some more physical cards.
May I get one of your cards?  I live in the EU.
Unable to use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account
When will I get my card?
This exchange rate you use is awful! Please tell me this is a mistake and not the official interbank exchange rate!
Card delivery services? Where?
Can you explain the transfer fee to me?
Will be Apple Watch be able to let me top up?
I see a duplicate payment.
I can't remember my passcode.
My card is just not working at this time.
Somehow I am missing my card.  What should I do?
What's going on with my card? I've tried multiple times and it never goes through.
I've transferred money into my account but the balance is the same
I would like to exchange currency  What types are there?
Are you going to charge me to collect the money?
I put my check in the bank, but I haven't gotten my cash yet?
I tired to get cash in the ATM but it was cancelled
Do I have a card PIN?
Why are you charging for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after getting my groceries, and it appears there is a fee that wasn't there before
I tried using my card, but it doesn't work.
The transfer keeps failing , I tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, Would you please check the issue ?
How can I check the source of funds?
It appears my transfer was declined.
Can I use this app to exchange between dollars and pounds?
if im not using my account should i close it or just let it sit
My identity can't be verified for some reason
How do I contact customer support about my declined transfer?
I transferred some cash and it didn't arrive
There's a payment that isn't mine on my app
Can I make a withdraw in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and am a bit worried because I don't have cash with me. Is it possible to withdraw here without any additional costs or fees?
Any fee for topping up?
my google pay seems to be acting up.
am suspicious of my card's security
Can I verify a top up?
There was a direct debit transaction I have don't think should be there.
I bought something in another currency, but the exchange rate was incorrect.
I need my funds verified.
I took out cash abroad and the exchange rate isn't correct.
I don't have the device I used to log onto the platform so I can't access it.
I transferred 7,000 to a receiver outside the EU and they received a lesser amount than what I sent, Unfortunately, now I must send an additional transfer to the receiver so that they can receive the full amount I initially sent.  I'm not sure why they received a lesser amount than what I initially sen, but can you please look into this and let me know what happened?
What currencies will this app exchange?
How much does it cost to get a new card?  Mine is almost expired.  How fast does it come?
What am I supposed to do if the funds haven't show up from a transfer completed this morning?
Where is the PIN for my card located?
Why isn't my refund shown on my statement?
My card was not accepted.
What can I do about some payments on my card I didn't make.  Please put a freeze on my card till we can figure this out.
Why isn't my beneficiary allowed?
What will I need to configure if my salary is in GBP?
How long is the transfer?
Why is it taking so long for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
I cant find my card.
Why did I get charged a fee for my transfer?
My phone was stolen yesterday.  What should I do?
Can I dispute a payment even if I notice it several weeks after it was made?
How long do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
Transfer has failed.
Why can't I withdraw funds from my account?
Can you tell me why I was charged to withdraw cash?
How can I change currency type?
Do I have to do the identity check?
Are there any extras for exchanging currency?
How long does it take for an international transfer into my account?
How is my ATM deposit not available yet?
How many payments can I make using a virtual card?
Can I use cash to top up my account?
I have a new card and need to activate it
The ATM will not let me get cash, WHY?
Why am I charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
How long does it take for a payment to change from pending?
Is it possible to top up by card?
I want to cancel a transfer right away! Can you help?
HOW DO I TRANSFER MONEY FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT?
left phone at hotel, how to access app
In the US, how long is the wait for a transfer?
I thought I was going to get a virtual card but I haven't received it yet, how can we resolve this?
Why won't my transfer to another account work?
Help me.  My card doesn't work.
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards?
At what age can a person open an account?
A direct debit appears in the app but I didn't authorize it.
Can I make an account for my kids?
What is going on? My top-up is still pending. I use your system all the time but now it is just showing as pending.
When will my refund come through
My card arrived but I don't know how to get my PIN.
My card hasn't arrived yet.
Why hasn't my refund appeared on my statement?
Why do I still have a pending cash withdrawal?
I'm expecting a large refund from a store I returned merchandise to recently.  They say they have sent the money but I don't see it in my account, can you help.
The exchange rate would be?
Is identity verification required for me to use my account?
From what countries can I use this product?
I am travelling for two more weeks but really need to change my PIN asap. What do I do?
My account got charged for taking out cash, why did this happen?
The funds I transferred are not in my account
A cash withdrawal is showing up that I didn't do.
how do i get a virtual card for one time use
An ATM fee was attached to my recent withdrawal.
I need your help immediately.  There is a 500£ cash withdrawal that I know nothing about.  I think my account has become compromised.
i dont recognise some of these transactions, i think someone has my card details
What fees do you charge for the standard card?
atm refused to give me money
Can I choose when my card is delivered?
I was just needing to know why my card got declined
Please provide me a list of ATMs that accept my card.
Where can I use my card?
Is topping up with Apple Pay possible?
How to receive the actual card
What is the normal time to make an international transfer? I made one a few days ago that still hasn't arrived.
Is it possible to top up using a cheque?
I paid with card and was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
I have paid money into my account but it doesn't show.
My beneficiary didn't receive my transfer
I noticed the exchange rate for cash withdrawal isn't right.
I got a card, how do I get it in the app?
I received my new card, but I don't see it in the app anywhere.  What do I do?
Do I need to establish I am paid in GBP before a transfer?
I'm not certain, but someone may be using my card.
Which fiat currencies do you support?
I made a cash deposit and the balance wasn't updated.
My new landlord says he hasn't received the rent payment that I transferred a couple days ago. I've already checked the account numbers and they are correct. Can you tell me what's going on with this transaction that the transfer isn't showing up on my landlord's end?
What are the auto top-up policies?
If I need to make an exchange from USD to GBP, how can I do so in the app?
I'd like more information about choosing a Visa or Mastercard.
How do I know which ATMs will accept this card?
Why are you charging me for ATM withdrawal? It has always been free before.
Why was I not able to get cash from the ATM?
wheres my pin
I withdrew  money from the ATM and was overcharged.  It said nothing about an extra fee.
Are there any charges for topping up my card?
phone is gone, dont want others to access account information
I withdrew money but the full amount wasn't dispensed.
What's wrong with my ID? I can't verify it.
How do I go about unlocking a pin?
I didn't make a payment at this business.
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary go through?
Why did my payment not go through why did it cancel?
Can you explain more about why should I verify my identity?
I received a "declined" message when doing a transfer
I would like to return my purchases
Can I have money transferred into my account at different intervals along my trip?
I made a card payment and a fee is showing up?
Which currencies do you accept for adding money?
I was charged a fee when I transferred my funds, why?
Why was I declined getting cash?
How many disposable cards can I have?
when will i receive a US transfer
I just have one other card from the US. Is that okay?
What is the identity verification process?
My money transfer has not arrived.
Why was my transfer stopped ?
I have no way to prove my identity.
why wouldn't you support american express? its a card i like and use often and i don't want to get a different one
After I used my card I saw I was charged a fee for using it
In the App I see a payment that is not mine.
Do you let me choose between Visa and Mastercard?
Can I select my card scheme or do you choose it for me?
My card payment was reverted
How can I prove the source of my funds?
The exchange rate I was charged for a purchase was not right.
What do I do now that I can't use this card?
Can I use my card at an ATM?
Can I get an auto Top-up?
My card is about to expire and I need to know how much it costs and how long it takes to get a new one.
Need help to get my card to work.
Is the verification number on the top up card
My money transfer has not happened yet
Please help me unblock my pin which I put the wrong one too many times.
When will my transfer move out of pending stage?
Why wont the other bank take my money?? Is it not good enough?? There's sufficient funds but I keep getting denied a standard transfer. Ive tried 5 times!
Somebody stole my wallet and is using my card! Can you do something so they can't keep taking my money?
Has my card been lost in delivery?
I see a cash withdrawal that I did not perform.
how long should I expect to wait for my card to arrive?
There are some card payments that I haven't done myself. What is going on with my card and does somebody else have access to my card?
Some cash was missing at ATM.
how can i track card you sent
My bag was stolen from me yesterday, so I can't use any apps or anything. I need some help.
My transfer has been declined.
Why was there an additional fee on the payment I just made? I don't usually have additional fees applied to my payments.
Can a credit card be used to transfer money?
Why did I get charged more than once?
What is this extra fee while I was doing a transfer?
I want to do a bank transfer to this bank, from an account at another bank.
Can I add money to top up my account via a bank transfer?
Why is there an identify check?
It does not appear that my message went through.
The card I've got seems to be broken.
How can I investigate a missing refund?
What's the time frame normally for a UK account transfer? I just made one and it's not showing up anywhere. I want to be sure that everything is good.
Do you have to be in the UK to get a card?
How can I find out the source of my available cash?
Why and I being charged this fee?
I can't verify my ID. Why?
Will you tell me how to exchange USD for GBP in the app?
Can you please sort out your top up? I need this to go through asap because I really need the money. It's already been pending for an hour.
What locations are cards delivered to?
How to activate Google Pay for top up?
There is a strange payment on my card.
I went to look at my top-up and it was canceled, can you tell me why this happend?
what amount of time does it take for a transfer to reflect and be available
Why do you guys need to verify my identity?
There is a suspicious cash withdraw on the account.
How to receive transfers from my employer when I get paid in GBP?
Sort your top up out please! It's been pending since an hour already, can you please make this go through asap I really need the money
I'm noticing a payment/purchase at a company that I don't recognise.
Fix my top up
What do I do if my disposable virtual card doesn't work?
I was wondering, Can I get my pay in another currency?
Hey, I try to make a bank transfer from my UK account a few hours ago, but it haven't show up yet. Please check my account to make sure everything alright with it?
How long will it take to activate my new card?
I tried to top up my account and it didn't work
Is it possible to make several disposable cards in a day?
How to a go about ordering a disposable virtual card?
My statement shows and extra 1$ that was charged to it and I would like to know why.
How can I start using my card?
Is my card ready for use or does it need activated and if so how?
Why is there an additional fee showing on the statement I received?
A debit came through that I need to dispute.
What are my bank details so I can do a transfer?
Is it possible to get a physical card?
Is there any way to Auto top-up?
Could you tell me why my top up isn't showing in my wallet?
I need multiple cards per day, and they all have to be disposable.
Why is my last transfer pending?
I need to cancel a payment. Something i purchased a while ago still has not arrived and i'm not going to pay them if they won't send me what I purchased.
How do I stop fraud to my card?
How long does a payment show as pending before i should worry about it?
I want to get a disposable virtual card.
I saw a payment come out of my account for a merchant I don't remember.
My card has gone missing.
Do you accept any card and currency?
I don't know where a direct debit payment came from
How can I prove who I am?
An extra fee has been added to my card payment is this correct?
Why was I charged an additional fee when paying with card?
My cash withdrawal was not entirely complete
Is my card frozen?
Can you tell my why my funds transfer did not work properly?
My cash in the ATM is still pending
I have a cash withdrawal on my statement that I am unsure of.
Can you help me find top up by cash deposit?
Why is this beneficiary being rejected?
I need to track the card sent to me.
Will I be charged for a top off transfer?
I am confused about your fee structure and was disappointed to see a fee for my transfer.
I have one other credit card from the US. Do you take that?
The payment I made with my card is not showing up.
got married and need to change name
I have a pending payment on my card.  Why?
Can you make exchanges using the EUR?
How can I exchange to EUR?
Why doesn't the app believe I am who I say I am?
I checked the app and there is a payment that I don't recognize.
There was a purchase on my card recently to a name that I don't recognize at all. What can be done about this? I need my money back.
what cards can i use to add money to my account
I need you to delete my account right now.
The amount of cash I received was not the full amount
Can I get a few more physical cards?
I have paid by my card but payment is still its coming as pending. I think there is some issue please check and let me know when the status will complete.
I was given the wrong exchange rate when getting cash
After depositing a cheque my balance did not change.
Card payment is still pending, why is that the case?
Do you support any currency?
I need some help, I thought you guys accepted crypto top ups?? It won't seem to let me do it. I put money in my account and now it's gone and I didn't spend it. Where did it go??
This rate is too low. Are you sure your using the right exchange rate.
I could not get the top-up to go through
The top-up did not go through.
I don't have any idea what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have double-checked over all of my recipient names and they are correct.
How come the ATM won't give me my money?
I will be traveling and want money to be added automatically in certain intervals. Is this possible?
I must change my PIN as soon as possible.
Can I set automatic top ups?
My card payment did not go through.
I  have been charged more than I should for the presents I bought  when abroad, the problem seems to be the exchange rate.
I ordered my card a couple weeks ago and haven't received it yet. When can I expect it?
How can I get a disposable virtual card?
Where can i exchange between GBP and USD
Is there anything to do because my phone was stolen?
Can I directly deposit my salary to this account?
Transfer was declined, could not complete request.
i tried to withdraw money but was told i didn't have funds
Whats wrong with my currency exchange?
What if I don't want to disclose all of my identity details?
how to i go about getting my virtual card
A cheque deposit hasn't posted to my account, when will my balance update?
The company is no good, please terminate my account.
I am calling because the ATM didn't give me the right amount of cash, but my app shows the actual amount I wanted to withdraw. What should I do to get my money back?
I noticed that i got charged extra for using the card.
How long will it take to verify my account?
How do I know how much money I will have when I travel abroad?
There is an odd payment in my statement
My card is about to expire. How do I get a new one?
How long does a transfer transaction take?
I bough an item and the exchange rate was incorrect.
Some cash has been withdrawn but I didn't do it.
What do I do if an ATM ate my card?
I think when I withdrew money when out of country the exchange rate was wrong.
Are there charges for receiving a SEPA transfer?
Why is this payment pending?
What do I do if I can't access my passcode?
How do I know when my new card is going to arrive?
Is a SWIFT transfer okay?
How do i change my identity?
Will my pin number be sent with my card?
I need to update my current address
i need my card quick
I was trying to make a transfer and got an error message telling me it was not possible to make the transfer. This has never happened before, what happened?
Where do I pay with my debit or credit card?
Is there an allowance on cards?
How many times can I use a virtual card?
My refund has not shown up on my statement.
How can I stop someone from using my card after I lost it yesterday.
My card's expiring a month from now, should I place an order for the new card?
DO you know the reason for the identity check?
My top up isn't in my wallet.
Is it possible to get a refund for the item?
How long do money transfers take? My friend really needs the money i sent a couple of hours ago but it's not there yet.
Which forms of currency are accepted?
Is it possible to exchange currencies on the app?
I think I was charged twice, please help!
How do I exchange currency?
My recent transfer didn't go through - why not?
I took out cash from the ATM, but something must have went wrong, My account shows the correct amount of cash I took out, but the ATM didn't give me that amount. How do I get my money back?
I returned something to a  store but can't see my refund.
How long do transfers from Europe take?
Do you support fiat currencies?
I want my card I just received to show up in the app. How do I do that?
What do I need to do for a refund?
Can my friend send me money?
Can you unlock my pin? I think I entered the wrong pin too many times.
Why hasn't my ID been verified?
My salary is deposited in GBP. Do I need to choose the currency?
When I tried to access my cash, I wasn't allowed!
I see a strange payment in my account.
What are the steps I should take to recover my swallowed card?
I am having trouble doing a transfer. A "Decline " message appears after making the transfer.
Why is there an extra fee on a transfer?
What should I do to get transactions off of my account if I didn't make them?  My card must have been compromised and I need to freeze it asap!
Will my card be here soon?
Please help me with my card. As i have tried to use my card in two different ATMs but repeatedly it was declining by ATM.
I noticed a fee, while banking abroad, that seems different than any I have been charged before. What does this fee mean?
Can I use my salary for this?
Can I use your services without access to the app?
My beneficiary is not allowed, please may I have answer as to why this is?
Whats the process of tranfering money into an account?
How do i secure a top-up card?
How can I create a disposable virtual card?
Is there a limit on how many times I can use a disposable card?
I need help making this transfer. I keep getting an error. I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my mortgage payment to go through first. Can you help?
Can you send me a new card and block my current one. I'm in Spain and my wallet was stolen.
I have been trying unsuccessfully to top-up my card.  Is the system down or not working properly?
Recipient has not received the money
Are there any charges for using a bank card to top up
My app shows cash I didn't get.
Is an auto top-up option available?
Do I have a choice for a Mastercard?
My transfer is still pending
It's been a week and I have done everything that I was asked to do and still nothing. I have contacted the seller and have not gotten a response. Please understand my frustration and put the money back in my account.
When will my cheque be processed?
I need my card topped up,
I would like to order a disposable virtual card. How can I do this?
I was charged on my account that shouldn't be there.
Does it cost anyting to get my own card?
My card does not work
Can I have a duplicate second card?
Will I be charged for adding money by transfer?
I'd like to order an additional card
You provide support in what countries?
Someone stole my phone, what is my next step?
My source of funds require verification.
How do I go through the process of currency exchange?
Where can I go to get a virtual card?
A few hours ago I made a bank transfer from my UK account but I don't see that it has arrived.   Can you check and see if all is ok please?
Can you tell me the status of my new card?
I'm interested in learning more about product refunds.
I made a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It absolutely has to go through tomorrow, so can you please reroute the payment to the right account?
Which currencies do you work with?
I can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. I need some help.
When will the transfer go through?
What is the function of the disposable cards?
I paid with my card and was charged extra
Why do you need so much information to verify my identity?
Where can I order a virtual card?
Please tell me which cash machines will allow me to change my pin.
Is it possible to reactivate the card I thought I lost but found this morning in my jacket?
Why has my top up failed?
Reverted top up
How do I change my card PIN?
I did a transfer but the balance is the same.
Someone stole my card. I need to report it stolen. I made a police report already, but how do I report it with you?
Could you please freeze my card immediately?
My card is about to expire. Do I have to go to a branch to order a new card?
The contactless payments are not working.
Talk me through modifying my details.
When does the money get transferred to my account
I was refunded the money for something I bought already.
Why have I been charged twice for the same transaction?
Why was my card payment reversed?
How many disposable cards is the limit?
The exchange rate for the money I took out in a foreign country is wrong.
I didn't make the direct debit payment on my account.
How much does each transfer cost?
Help me verify the card used on a top-up.
I was charged a fee after using my card and I shouldn't have been.
How do I get my money back for a duplicated charge?
What's the deal with verifying the top-up?
Yesterday I topped up my card. Why didn't it complete as it still pending?
I was wondering how I could have two charges for the same item happen more than once in a 7 day period. Is there anyway I could get this corrected asap.
I need an accurate exchange rate, when I make my withdrawals.
Can I use my card for online payments?
Is there a way to get a virtual card?
Can I get a card in person?
Is there a list of where I can use my card?
What are the guidelines for the disposable cards?
My funding to my card didn't go through.
Will you assess me more fees if I top up with an international card?
Where can I get my currencies exchanged?
€1 was in my statement as an extra fee.
How do I order a replacement for stolen card?
Do you have an age requirement when opening an account with your service?
I'd like to transfer funds using my credit card.
I just bought an item and would like to stop payment can you tell me if the item has been sent yet?
What do you think of the exchange rate?
Have a payment that I haven't done.
How many disposable cards per day am I allowed to have?
Why is the exchange rate wrong when I purchase something abroad?
I can't input my pin again.
What are the steps I follow to transfer money into my account?
The exchange rate on my payment doesn't look right
There is a problem with my card. Somebody has removed money from my account in a town I haven't been to. Can you please freeze my account immediately?
I want to know if there is a maximum I can top up.
I need to move money from one of my other accounts to this one.
How to receive virtual card?
Where is the top-up verification code sent?
How do I top up my card?
My card hasn't came in the mail yet?
How long does it take to verify a person's identity?
I am traveling, what can I do to set up auto top-up?
I need a new passcode.
I don't know where to look to find my PIN.
What is this charge on my account for a cash withdrawl?
Your company is lame. Shut down all my account services right now.
Balance is not up to date.
Why did the ATM eat my card?
My top-up is not working. Why is that?
Can you please explain how bank transfers work?
Where can I change my PIN?
where can I get the info for my funds
There are a few payments in the app that I didn't make! Does someone else have my card?  What should I do?
How is my money transferred to the account
Why am I getting double charged for multiple transactions?
I transferred some money but the recipient is having trouble withdrawing.
I topped up my card but the money disappeared.
What countries do you operate in?
How much time do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it fast. It's been hours, and the money has not gone through.
How can I top up my card with another card?
What's the expected wait time to recieve my new card?
Is it acceptable to use my card anywhere?
I requested a refund from a store but it hasn't arrived.
Where can I see the source of my money?
How many disposable cards can I have at one time?
What's the transfer time from Europe?
My disposable virtual card will not work
Am I able to add money into my account using my American Express?
What reason did my top-up fail for?
Can you tell me if my top-up has been cancelled?
I thought transfers were free, why was I charged?
I cannot use my PIN.
I've been trying to do a transfer multiple times and have failed? Is the system down?
My source of funds need verification.
why have i not got my new card?
I need my card ASAP!
What documents do I need to get together to verify my identity?
Is USD free to top up with a US card?
Hi, status of one of my card payment is still pending from a while. Please let e know how much time it will take to complete.
I requested a refund from a merchant several days ago, but don't see anything showing up in my account yet.  Can you check on your end to see if the money has reached you guys?
Can I use my card no matter where I go?
How come there is an extra fee on my statement?
My transaction to pay for an item was returned to my account.
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with card?
Why did you give me so little currency?
What do I do to link my new card?
I have a question about fee for cash withdraw.
Am I able to modify my account details?
How do I get my card PIN?
Will you help me unblock my pin after putting in the wrong pin too many times?
I would like to dispute a direct debit transaction
I don't see my refund money yet in my account. I asked the merchant a while ago for a refund, so I don't know what's taking so long.  Can you look into it and see if the money is there, just not in my account yet?
Who gets support?
How long does a payment usually show as pending? Is it normal that mine is still pending?
I moved and need to change my address.
My statement is showing an extra £1 charge and I am unsure why. Is there an explanation for this?
I am still waiting for a the cash I deposited this morning
I was charged twice for the same thing.
Why couldn't I complete a transfer?
My attempted transfer keeps kicking back with an error message.  Could you please help me to resolve this?
Can I exchange from USD to GBP?
I got some cash of an ATM earlier but this shows up as pending in the app. How can this be still pending, I've got the cash already?
How do I deposit cash into my account?
The exchange rate for my electronic payment is incorrect.
Can I get a Visa or does it have to be something else.
When I submit a transfer, it is being declined.  The information I put in has been reviewed.
The balance has not been updated.
There's something wrong on my bill. A transfer fee should never have been added.
My cash withdrawal charged me the wrong exchange rate
What do I do if I have exceeded all my PIN tries?
What information do you need to verify my Source of Funds?
Under what condition will my payment revert?
What are the steps to verify my identity?
How many different currencies can I have my money in?
Card payment has be declined.
want to know where funds come from
I need a refund on an item I have not received.  Am I able to simply cancel the payment?  I don't know how to do this.
I am not satisfied with your company and wish to delete all accounts immediately.
What is the reason for my card payment to be reverted?
I made a transaction, but I made it to an account I didn't mean to make it to.
Activate my card
What do I do if I lost my phone?
What is a pending payment?
Where's the money that got charged to my card? It's not showing up in my account balance
My beneficiary is unable to transact
Hi there, I've tried to make a transfer 5 different times and its not working. Is your system down or something?
I could not use my card in a store.
Given a choice, I'd rather have Mastercard.
Is there a way to use this app with a disposable virtual card?
My card activation is failing.
How much can I expect to pay to top up a US card?
If there isn't much money left over, will it top-up automatically?
I hope to get a Visa card
This debit is not my transcation. How do I get my money out back?
I couldn't transfer money to my bank, why not?
I transferred money to another country several days ago, but my transaction is still pending. i have checked that the accounts are keyed in correctly. what sees to be the problem?
The app doesn't think that I am myself
Is my card working? It's the first time I tried using it I tried to get money out of an ATM, but got nothing.
How many times can I use a disposable card?
What does a transfer cost?
I transferred money from one account to another account and I charged a fee for it. Why is that?
Can you explain your exchange rate policy? I don't think I received the correct amount of cash in my ATM transaction.
What countries are you supporting?
I don't live in the UK.  Can I still get a card?
Help! I need to cancel a transaction.
How long does it take for a pending cash withdrawal?
What is the maximum I can transfer before I incur fees?
Freeze my account it's been hacked.
My transfer into my account isn't showing up.
I need to change my last name on my account because I just got married.
I was unable to transfer to another account.
I was just going over my transactions for the past couple of months and noticed a large type charge that I know I did not make. Even though it's been a while can I please still dispute this?
Why am I still waiting for a transfer?
How can I transfer money from an outside bank?
My physical card is not working
Can my salary be received and transferred to my current currency in my country?
I don't think my top up worked
My phone was stolen, what should I do first?
Can I create a disposable virtual card?
I need to validate the source of my funds.
I cannot tell what my top up currently is.
I think someone got my card details and used it because there are transactions i don't recognize. What do I do now?
How long does a transfer from the UK account usually take? After completing the transfer it is not showing up. I need to know that everything I actually went okay.
I don't recognize the direct debit payment on my account.
There is a duplicate charge on my account.
Why has my payment not transferred?
I made a transfer a couple hours ago but my balance has not been updated. Why is this? Shouldnt this be instant?
I need to exchange my GBP to AUD, how would I do this?
I was charged twice for a restaurant, can you take the second charge off?
Is there an exchange fee?
Can you find out why my credit card didn't process payment? It was declined for top up so what's the deal?
It's requiring me to verify my identity?
Why is the app showing a still pending message on a withdraw that has already been done?
I want to get rid of the account, and delete personal information .
Why do I see a random withdrawal in my app?
My transfer was not approved
How does someone else top up my account
I would like to know the countries you are offer services in?
I want to return an item.
I got an unexpected charge on my transfers. How can I correct this?
A wrong exchange rate was applied to a transaction made abroad.
I was charged an extra pound.
I need to activate my card.
With my new card, how may I activate it?
My phone is not on me.  How can I use the app?
Why isn't my purchase exchange rate correct?
Someone took my card without permission
Do you take SWIFT transfers?
The ATM didn't give me enough money! I asked for more than it gave. What do I do?
I CAN NOT FIND THE TOP-UP VERIFICATION CODE.
Trouble with my top up
I was charged a fee for a transfer.
What are the disposable cards used for?
I NEED TO KNOW HOW TO TRANSFER MONEY INTO MY BANK ACCOUNT. PLEASE HELP
I would like to know why my transfer was declined.
I made a bank transfer and my account balance did not show it.
How do I use cash to top up my account?
Why is there a payment I didn't do?
I'm currently not in possession of my phone, is it still possible to go about things normally without access to the app?
i tried using a virtual card for a hotel but it didn't work, why not
I attempted to complete a topup, and I thought all was well, but now the money is gone again. Has there been a glitch?
Help me figure out why my transfer was declined
Are there top up charges for US cards?
Where is the virtual card located?
My app shows a direct debit that isn't mine.
Explain the card PIN to me.
Why is my card payment showing as pending?
Why is there a transaction that shows multiple times?
Please help me, as my topup amount has been reverted, i did it correctly. I think there is some defect in system.
Will it cost more money if my currency needs to be exchanged?
Why isn't my pending transfer finished?
My transaction needs to be canceled.
I've been waiting ages and my PIN hasn't gotten here.
May I get an account for my daughter?
I've deposited a check in my account but the cash isn't showing as available.
How do I activate my card that just arrived?
My card stopped working
Can someone please explain to me where my source of funds came from?
How long do I wait for my PIN
can you check why I wasn't able to top up?
How long will I have to wait for my money to be in my account?
The top-up I ordered didn't process.
Does it matter which card I use
I think someone has access to my card numbers that shouldn't.
Please help me change my PIN.
I want to create a new pin.
I have been waiting for my card payment to be moved from pending status for an unusually long time.  What is going on here and do you have an idea of when I can expect it to go through?
Is there any reason my cash withdrawal still shows as pending?
Can I use a disposable virtual card for any purchase?
I'm waiting on a top-up, its still pending
When will my transfer be in my account?
Tell me why I need top-up to be verified?
How do I exchange currencies with this
How long will a transaction to a friend take?
In my app, a direct debit payment I didn't do shows in my app
I shouldn't have been charged but I see a fee, why?
How do I see my updated balance after I make a cheque or cash deposit?
Do the disposable cards have any restrictions on them?
A fee shouldn't apply to me if my card was stolen.
Google Pay isn't working. What is wrong?
I want to start using my card.
How can I Use thereto-top option?
I made a mistake with a transaction!
I'm having issues with my card. You guys keep declining it for some reason. I haven't had any issues up until this point. What is going on? I've tried a handful of times with the same, unfortunate, result!
Use credit card to transfer money
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, when should it be going through?
I think my card payment was reverted
Do the disposable cards have a transaction limit?
I want to use my American Express for adding money into my account.
I tried to make a purchase in the store but my card was declined.
What kind of currencies can I use to add money?
I topped up about half an hour ago and the charge is still pending. I'm a new customer and today is my first time doing this. Can you fix it? It doesn't seem to be working.
I moved and would like to change my address.
details need to be modified
i dont recognize a charge on my card
where can user find pin?
The ATM is showing it gave me the money I requested but I didn't get that amount.
Is my fiat currency supported for both hold and exchange?
Are there fees for adding money with an International card?
I think my card payment had been return
Help me verify my identification.
Where is the nearest Mastercard ATM?
Do top-ups have limits?
My payment for my card is not working
Where do i verify a top-up card?
I want to delete my account.
I need assistance with transferring funds to another account.
I bought something and returned it and the money from the return isn't in my account.
There is an ATM withdrawl in the app I don't recognize.
I'm in Austria right now, but I really need to change my PIN right now. Can I do this even though I'm in another country?
I don't have a PIN at this point.
What is the function of the identity check
What types of top-up methods do you accept?
What are the benefits to verifying the top-up?
Help, I don't know what the PIN is to my card?
How do I revert a transaction?
If my card was lost or stolen can I re-link it?
What are the currencies that are accepted to add money?
Is there a fee for exchanging currency?
I tried to make a transfer but it failed
Do all ATMs take this card?
I got a notice from my app that I withdrew cash but I don't remember doing so. How do I fix this?
Is my card denied anywhere?
I tried withdrawing money in another country and the exchange rate was wrong.
You operate in which countries?
How do i find my top-up card's verification code?
Are cards from the US accepted?
How do I top up my account using transfer?
I don't know why my payment didn't work.
I just had my card get declined at the ATM! I need to get money out but I am unable to.  Why has this happened?
I really need money from my card today, but my card is getting declined. Please help!!
Please tell me why the same transaction is showing up on my account more than once.
In my statement, I got a €1 extra fee.
Can you activate my card pls
Why is the purchase I made this morning still pending?
i transfered however its still pending
from where are coming your exchange rates?
How can I tell what foreign exchange rate I will get?
How to decide if I get a Visa or Mastercard?
How long before I can see that my cash withdrawal has taken place?
There is an extra charge on my account I didn't authorise, it's just £1, what is it?
There is a payment I don't recognize
What type of deposits do you accept into my account?
I would like to dispute a payment I didnt make
cancel my account
I need a physical card.
What identification is required to activate my card?
When I topped up, the app reverted my funds.
Explain the extra ATM fees.
I'm not sure how to complete the identity checks process.
There is a withdrawal waiting.
My app says I withdraw funds from my account through an ATM.
Where can I find the verification code for a top-up?
Do I have to pay any fees in order to receive money?
I got charged twice with a duplicate card. How do I resolve this?
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card?
There is a cash withdrawl I don't remember.
My card hasn't arrived.
Will I need a new card or can I put my old card back into the app?
My account isn't showing the refund
I didn't receive the amount of cash I requested for the ATM.
I moved and need to change my personal information.
Where can I see where my funds came from?
Is there a way to revert my transaction from this morning?
Can I be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
What will my exchange rate be?
I need my virtual card
There are charges on my card from the past few day I am pretty sure I didnt make, can you please freeze it for me? How do I get my money returned since it wasnt me?
Can I track the card that was just sent to me?
I'm not happy with the services I'm getting with this company. Can you please delete my account?
Can I use this card at an ATM?
I would like to know more about what a disposable virtual card is?
How soon will I get my card?
My statement has a dollar I have been charged showing up on it.
i have yet to get my pin
Why does my payment appear as pending?
I cant find my card, it's gone.
What happens if a merchant doesn't accept a payment?
Am I gonna be charged for sending out more cards?
Do I have to go to an actual bank to change my PIN?
I prefer using Mastercard, can I substitute?
Can I get a new card?
How much is the charge to top up via credit card?
What's a verification code?
Is there a reason my cash withdrawal was declined?
I'm having difficulty verifying my identity.
I have noticed that my account was double charged for a couple of items this week. Please review and refund the double charged items back.
Can I trace where my funds came from?
I have a disposable card but it does not work?
When I try and to buy something using my card it keeps getting declined.
The money disappeared when I tried to use my card to top up.
Is there a way I can get my card expedited?
Please tell me why the purchase I made online returned payment. I really wanted this item and I've been trying for 2 weeks.
Why are you charging me a transfer fee?
Is there a charge for using transfers for top ups?
I was the victim of someone stealing my wallet.  My card is being used and it isn't me.  What should I do?
I like to Mastercard rather than Visa.
I would like to change my pin.
I don't know what's wrong, my contactless stopped working. Tried it in a few different places today and it didn't work in any of them.
Why can I not do a  transfer
Seems like my card payment has been cancelled
I can't find the card PIN.
How can I tell the source for my available funds?
I requested a refund but am unable to see it in my account. Why is that?
I would like to use one of my cards for a family member. Is that allowed?
Causes of top-up cancellation
Is there a top charge for US cards?
I have the funds, why can I not use my top-up?
What currencies can I use to top up my account?
I lost my password
Do you offer a discount on multiple currency exchanges?
My card has been stolen what do I do?
can i top up from a usa credit card
I tried to top up and suddenly my money disappeared
I do not know why I was charged for the $1 transaction.
I ordered my card and it isn't here yet. I need it ASAP. When can I expect to get it?
do i need to wait to get my card before getting a pin
My cheque is taking a while
They charged me for paying with my card.
I bought something online and it says there was a fee to transfer money. Isn't that free?
Can you help me transfer money into my friend's bank account? I tried to do it but it keeps rejecting me. I need to get the money in there asap. I have enough and all the account info is correct.
Do you charge a fee on currency exchange?
I've got a repeated tranasaction on my card.
How do I get a card if I live in the US?
i needed money for a night out with the girls but i was declined, why?
Why was I double charged?
I was mistakenly charged a fee for using my card.
My top up card needs verification and I don't know how to do it
My phone is not with me at the moment so I will not be able to access the app.
I need to know which fiat currencies I can use with you.
I was charged an extra pound for no reason. Why is that?
How do I make sure my transfer isn't goin to an unsupported merchant?
Why can't the recepient of my money transaction see it?
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't create. I don't know anyone by that name.
Is there a limit for the amount I can top up?
i was supposed to get a refund but my balance hasn't changed, why not?
Can I use a check to top up?
Could my daughter open an account?
Why have I received a rebate for my payment after a week?
I thought transfers were free, why was I charged a fee?
What should I do if my card is stolen?
Why was my top-up rejected?
Could you tell me what your exchange rates are?
The expiration of my card is near, how do I order a new card?
The exchange rate is incorrect for my cash withdrawal transaction.
I bought something and I take issue with the exchange rate applied.
My new card isn't here and it was issued a week ago.
Can you send me more cards for my account?
Why didn't my transfer get to the recipient?
Why was I charged an extra fee when using an ATM?
i need to add express delivery if that's an option
How long will I have to wait for my new card?
The seller of the items I bought online the other day hasn't received the EU transfer yet. How long do these usually take?
I a having trouble proving my identity
What do I do if I already had a card with you guys?
I would like to make a purchase, however my card has been declined. I would like to ask the reason for this. The past two weeks, the card has been working fine.
Do you have a limit for someone's age?
Will my transfer be done soon?
How many years old do I have to be?
I'd like to know what you guys look at to decide an exchange rate
Can I use this account to receive my salary?
Can you please check the exchange rate when I was getting cash?
how come i was declined
What are the fees for using transfer to top off my account?
Paying in card resulted in a fee
What do I do if my card is about to expire?
Can I get one of your cards in the EU
Where is my pin? I don't have it yet
I want to deactivate my account.
Why did I get a transfer declined?
I need a number of disposable cards everyday.
I want to cancel a transaction from this morning.
I need a new card because the ATM took mine.
Where would I find top up by cash deposit?
How do I protect my phone from someone using it after I lost it.
Why can't I topup my account?
Why did I not get a virtual card yet?
What is the proper way to activate a card?
Why was a payment I made reverted?
I want to see what this fee is on my card payment.
I don't know why my credit card was declined while I was trying to top-up. Was it something on my end or was there something wrong with the top-up function?
I can't get the top-up to work! What's going on here.
I found a charge for a direct debit that was not made by me.
How do I cancel a previous purchase
I need to cancel my recent transfer immediately, I made a mistake there, please help quickly before it goes through
How long do I need to wait to see an update after I make a bank transfer?
Hi, I am experiencing problems while trying to top-up with my card. I have never experienced any problems doing this before. Could you please help me?
Why is it asking me to verify my identity
If I will be traveling, is there a way to auto top-up my card on certain days?
What's the foreign exchange rate I will receive?
What is this $1 charge on my statement?
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working correctly?
please cancel the transaction
Why is there an extra €1 fee in my statement?
Help!  My card is stolen.
Why is my disposable virtual card being denied?
The recipient can not locate funds.
Do you support countries other than mine?
The ATM didn't give me the card back!
I topped up but my money is not showing. Why is that?
How long does it take to activate the card, as it does not look like its working?
Your exchange rates are coming from where?
Is there a limit to top-ups?
When I topped up the app reverted it.
What's the amount that I can top-up?
Why have I been charged a small fee to use my card?
Would I be able to get a refund for something I bought?
I cannot locate the card PIN.
I don't understand why my payment was declined. I thought everything was ok.
Problems with my top up
The ATM only gave me 10 pounds when I withdrew 30. What do I do?
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working in my country?
Why is the cash not showing in my account for the check I deposited?
ATM withdrawal not working.
My transfer failed when I tried.
Is there any way i get a disposable virtual card as well?
My statement has not shown my refund.
If I exchange currencies on a frequent basis can I receive a discount?
What do I do now my credit card has been swallowed by the ATM?
Help! My card isn't working at the ATM and I know I used the right PIN. Trying to get my money.
At what ATMS am I able to use the card?
Hello, I'm a brand new customer and tried topping up for the first time today. It has been pending for half an hour and doesn't seem to be working. Please resolve this.
How are exchange rates determined?
A receiver made me aware that they did not receive the full transfer that I made. The amount was showing to be a bit less. I now have to make a second transfer just to make up the difference. Can you reach out and let me know what's going on?
Can I use my American Express card with Apple Pay?
I would like to get both a Visa and MasterCard?
Shouldn't my new card be here by now?
my refund has not hit my account yet
I was charged a fee with my cash withdrawal that I shouldn't have been charged.
How many times can I use my disposable card?
How can I move money from an account at another bank to this one?
How much am I charged for a SEPA transfer?
How long does a transfer take from china?
How can I add physical money to my card?
Can you tell me how to get my card on the app?
I keep trying to use my card to buy some things and you keep declining it. Why? I've tried multiple times to make it go through but it won't.
I have withdrawn cash from the ATM but it is showing in my account as a pending transation. Why is this?
how do I speed up identity verification?
Can you top-up a card with a cheque?
My salary is in GBP - what should I do?
What is the exchange fee?
How do people send me money?
I'm still waiting for a money transfer to show.
For some reason my card payment hasn't worked. what can I do to look into that?
Why do we need to verify a top-up card?
Can my account have different types of currency in it.
I don't appreciate the extra fees being siphoned from my account. I was helping some friends move to Japan and we were buying home decorations at the local stores. The  receipts differed greatly from what showed up in my bank account and my statement. When can I expect the extra fees to be back in my account?
The app will not let me into my account.
I didn't see the money I added to my card.
Why is my transfer taking so long. I thought it was supposed to only take 1 day if I made a transfer to someone. Can you wee what went wrong?
I travel a lot, can I get a bulk currency exchange discount?
am i able to receive my salary this way?
I have a payment that hasn't went through yet.
Did you start charging for cash withdrawals? I thought it was free so far but noticed suddendly there is a fee. How much do I need to pay?
Who can purchase a disposable virtual card?
How much transactions do I get with a disposable card?
How can I pay for top-ups?
I made a transfer and it doesnt' show up in my account.
How long do you expect me to wait for the transfer? It finally worked out, but has been pending for a long time and it's quite urgent.
I was denied cash at an ATM
I have a cash withdrawal that I don't recognize.
I need more physical cards than I have right now!
Are cards issued to people living in the US?
Why do we need to verify top-ups?
My top-up hasn't gone through, what happened?
The ATM I'm standing in front of only gave me 10 pounds rather than the 30 pounds I wanted. The app shows I took out 30 pounds also. What do I need to do to fix this?
Can I edit my personal details?
I am unhappy with an item I bought. How do I get a refund?
My passcode was denied.
How can I exchange AUD for GBP?
My card payment says pending and it hasn't changed
Can you tell me what currencies I can use to add money?
Transfer was declined.
How come I can't get money at the ATM
How can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
Why would I receive an error that my transfer isn't possible when I've done it before?
How long does it take for a new purchase to stop being considered pending?
I would like to receive my salary in a different currency. How does that work?
Where do I find our how to get a physical card?
I ordered my card 2 weeks ago and it still isn't here? What do I do?
Using an ATM caused me to incur an additional fee. Why?
How old do my kids have to be use this?
How come my top-up didn't go through instantly, like it usually does?
There seems to be a couple of payments listed in the app I know weren't made by me. Is there a possibility someone has access to my card? Can you find out what's going on?
Why did I have to pay extra because I paid with card?
how do i add money from my amex card to top up
I want to transfer from accounts in order to Top up. What are the steps necessary.
Why isn't my cheque deposit showing on my account?  I though it would be faster and would like to to look into it and help.
Where are you cards supported?
After looking at the app I noticed a couple of payments I know I did not make. Is it possible someone has accessed my card? What is actually going on?
Is there a problem with your system being down or something? I have already tried 5 times to issue a standard transfer but I'm getting nowhere.
I want to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
Why hasn't my transaction arrived to my friend yet?
I used the wrong account.
I need to edit the personal details section of my account
My card didn't go through.  It doesn't make sense.  You told me that everything was ok.
I'd like to order another card
My cash withdrawal shows as pending still.
Do my kids have to be a certain age to use this service?
Will you charge an extra fee for top ups?
How do I change my name after marriage
Is it really necessary to verify my Identity?
Is there a limit to how much I can top-up?
I'm still waiting on my card to be delivered.
Why is the cash withdrawal under pending?
Can I use Apple Pay to top up?
Can I change my PIN?
Will you accept my other card?
I made a transfer from my UK account a couple of hours ago.  Could you please make sure everything went alright.
Could I chose the date to have it delivered?
What if I need my salary in another currency?
How can I top up with this cheque I got?
How do I know where I can use my card?
How do I exchange AUD for GBP?
The card payment I attempted to make failed.
Help me.  The passcode doesn't work.
Why has my beneficiary been denied?
My card is stuck in the ATM, what can I do?
I am seeing and extra 1$ charged to my account and wanted to know about it.
I was just shopping and my payment was declined in a store!  It was very embarrassing, what is going on and when will it be fixed?
Can you explain why I was charged extra when I used the card?
I use this card all the time so why did it get declined at the store today?
Why is my disposable card not working?
My child needs a card, how can I add them to the account I currently have?
I want to add money automatically when I travel.
Someone mugged my and stole everything.  I can't use the app.  What should I do?
How long do I have  to wait for my transaction to be completed?
I cannot find my credit card.
What retailers accept my card?
How long will it take for my transaction to be completed?
I did not get enough cash
My card payment has the wrong exchange rate
I need to know what foreign exchange rate I can get.
why hasn't a transaction to a friend cleared yet?
Do you offer Visa or Mastercard?
Hello. I just noticed I was charged two times for a restaurant I visited this week. Can you reverse the additional charge?
can i go into my app to find my pin
Where is the money that I transferred.
Where can I find my card PIN?
How do I link the new card that I just got from you guys?
What are the steps to reset my passcode?
How can I get my Google pay top up to work?
Am I allowed to transfer money to a beneficiary?
I tried to get some with-drawls but the machine didn't work. The transaction still seems in progress.Seems like  something is wrong,I don't want to be charged for Transaction i did not make.
How long should it take for a transfer to go through? I have been waiting a while.
What do I do about a debit on my account that I didn't make?
What currencies and methods can i use to top up my account?
Have you started charging for cash withdrawals? I always thought it was free until I noticed this fee. How much is the fee?
I want to top up with my Apple Watch.
Would you give me a mastercard and visa?
The exchange rate given to me wasn't correct, after i purchased an item
Where is the transfer to my account?
new customer and filling gas today, it's not working, the thing shows pending half an hour!
Why hasn't my friend received the money i sent them yet?
Can it specifically be delivered on a certain date?
unhappy with service need to delete account
I had cash transferred but the balance did not change.
I would like to close my account, as I'm not happy.
Can I receive my card anywhere?
My card was stolen. What do I need to do?
Where can I find a list of descriptions the disposable cards have?
is there a fee for swift transfer
There is unexpected money in my account.
What are some of the restrictions that the disposable cards have?
Why have I all of a sudden been charged for my ATM withdrawal? I thought the withdrawals were free because this is the first time I've ever had this problem.
I don't like the services, please close my account
It looks like a payment I've made hasn't made it through yet.
Why are you not accepting my transfer!! I've tried a couple times already now and it just keeps showing an error message
I ordered something online a while ago and I haven't gotten it. I would like a refund.
I topped up and went to buy something, but it says that my funds are pending. Is there a way to quicken this process?
What happens if I use my account and my identity verification hasn't finished?
It looks like I was charged a withdrawal fee for going to my ATM. Why is that because I haven't been charged previously for doing so?
the exchange rate is wrong from something I got in another country
Please help me get a refund?
what do i do if my verification failed
When will my virtual card arrive?
Do top-up limits exist?
I cannot see the card PIN anywhere?
I dont have a pin
I have double-checked all of my recipient details but for some reason all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have no clue as to why.
My virtual car is not working.
Hello, I am a new customer, and just tried topping up for the first time. According to your information, the transaction should be instant - why does it still show as pending?
Why did I not get the amount I specified at the ATM?
My rate of exchange was wrong.
I use GBP for my salary deposits. Must I set this up somewhere?
I am having trouble activating my card.
How much do I have to pay to accept an international transfer?
Problem verifying my account
How do I enable contactless pay?
What is minimum age for an account?
What do I need to do to get my new card which I have requested 2 weeks ago?
I believe that my transfer hasn't gone through.
If my card is about to expire how long would it take to receive a new one and how much would that cost me?
What do I do if I can't prove my identity?
Remove my account immediately.
I need to have an item refunded.
On the card that is coming, what's the tracking info?
Is there a way to link the card i just got?
Where do I go to terminate my account?
I think that there was an error in calculating the exchange rate.  I recently withdrew cash and received much less than expected.
I'm trying to purchase crypto via the app. I haven't been able to get it to go through. Am I doing something wrong?
I see a charge on my account that I don't recall making. I feel like my account may have been compromised.
Can topping up be automatic?
I'm expecting to see a cash withdrawal but I'm still waiting.
My refund is missing from my statement.
I believe that my card has been stolen!
The exchange rate for my transaction last Saturday seems to have been wrong I got charged extra.  Please fix.
Is Apple Pay a possible top up option?
The card got declined twice when I tried to use it to buy something online yesterday.
I paid with my card and got charged an extra fee, what's up with that?
How do I begin the process of a refund?
Am I charged more for using the ATM?
i need help finding the auto top up option.
My account is showing a double charge.
I've been using my account while abroad for a while but only recently I've been charged a fee. Why am I only being charged a fee now.
There is a direct debit patentp that I haven't authorized.
Is a bank transfer acceptable for topping up my account?
Hello. Please, would you tell me if you have or have not received funds for a refund that I recently requested for a big purchase? I've contacted the merchant, but I can't tell that they have taken any action on it.
How long does it take for a top up to be approved?
The service of this company sucks, I need to terminate my account.
How can I make my card show up in the app?
Where can I get a virtual card?
I would like to activate my card.
The app reverted my top up
I made a payment that is not yet complete.
Help me please, I need to top up cash.
There's a recent charge on my card that I know I didn't make because I've never seen the name before. Can we investigate this?
I bought something and now I want a refund.
My card payment might have been reverted.
I can't get the virtual card to work
Why has my deposit in the ATM not cleared yet?
When will my transfer come through?
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't do myself, never seen that name before.
I got cash and was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
Can I exchange currencies?
My card was refused
The correct exchange rate wasn't given to me for an item I purchased.
Hello, I am facing the issue with my new card as payments are declining again and again. Please help me in this issue.
I keep trying to make a payment, but it doesn't work.
Please help!  I was mugged and everything stolen.  What do I do to stop them from accessing my account?
How can I get additional cards?
Why don't I see my top up in my wallet?
How can I change my PIN?  Help.
There are transactions I didn't make, someone else must have used my card.
I checked my account today and saw that I was charged an extra pound that I did not spend.
How old do you have to be to open an account?
Can I use an auto top-up option?
I keep checking to see if I've received a refund that I requested from a seller, but I'm not seeing the refund. I need you to help me get the refund.
I can't recall my passcode and need to reset it.
Can you tell me where  can change my PIN?
When will my top up be approved?
What are the age requirements for service?
What does a disposable virtual card do?
How long will a transfer from the US take?
how do I link a card I already have?
I would like a refund on the extra pound I was charged.
My money is gone :( I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
is there a way to see where funds come from
Will my friend be able to top off my account?
How do i go about linking a new card?
How long does it take for something to be delivered to the U.S?
Where is the top-up verification code?
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's happenning with this, does someone has access to my card?!
I think my card has been compromised in some way.
Where did the  €1 fee in my statement come from
What is the point of verifying a top up?
What was the issue with my topping up?
What are your currency exchange fees?
I did a payment but the app cancelled it.
help my money isnt showing up
Do you do Visa or Mastercard?
Will I be sent a new card before mine expires?
What cards and currencies are supported?
I don't know what this Direct Debit payment on my account is for.
I'm hoping you can answer my question about a pending transfer that I've had for a while now.  I know that all of the account details are correct, so why is it taking so long to go through?
I've been waiting for a pending transfer to go through for a while now, and don't see any reason why I've been waiting this long.  I know that I have the correct account details, so that isn't the problem.
Is it possible for a person who lives in the US to get a card?
I'd like to know where my funds come from.
Why won't my passcode work?
My card never arrived.
I need to know where I can withdraw money.
The exchange rate was wrong in the foreign country I got cash in.
Why did my transfer fail?
I would like to know if I can top up with Google Pay.
How long until the card arrives?
The exchange rate for my payment last Saturday must be wrong because I was charged extra.
So what items  actually come  with  extra  fees
I have no idea why my card payment did not work.
What are the disposable cards for?
My transfer didn't work! Help!
I made a bank transfer from my UK account today, but it's not showing.  Can you check status?
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please help me with this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
Is there an automatic top up feature?
When I tried to pay for my bus ride, the contactless payment wouldn't work. How can I prevent this in the future?
Was my top up reversed?
Is a non-electronic card available as well
I have a disposable virtual card here, so would you tell me what to do with it?
How to modify my details.
Will there be a charge for topping up by account with a SEPA transfer?
Can I use American Express to add money into my account?
What other currencies are available to change to?
Give me a refund
What are your exchange rates calculated from?
How can I exchange USD and GBP in the app?
I want to delete my account. I'm unhappy with the service you're providing.
Why am I being charged a fee for transferring money?
When I top-up, the app reverts it.
Which cards do you guys support? I want to top up using my credit card.
I added money to the card but the transaction didn't go through
I just realized I made the wrong transaction  yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow.
help, I see money missing I didn't take out.
Do you know when the withdrawal will show?
Do you have any top-up limits?
How much is the exchange fee?
I need to reset my passcode. How do I do it?
I did a transfer earlier but see that it failed to go through.
I need to know what's going on. I was under the impression you offered cryto top up which doesn't seem to be working and money has just vanished from my account.
I have a transfer waiting.
You can use it anywhere that accepts Mastercard.
What are the fees for a physical card?
Can I use my card to withdraw from my account?
How long does it take to process cheque deposits?
What is the exchange fee that is charged?
how much does a card cost and why do you charge me
I am on vacation in Spain and think someone saw my pin when… Can I change it at a local ATM?
Top up did not work on the app.
Why wouldn't a transfer go through?
When will my card come? I need it as soon as possible!
Why hasn't the transfer shown up in my account yet?
When I got cash I was charged an extra fee!  Explain!
I just got an error message saying my transfer is not possible? Why is that? I've transferred money before and it worked without problem
Why is the exchange rate for my payment incorrect?
Please delete my account now.
What is the appropriate age for my child to be able to open an account?
I want to revert a transaction I did
How long does it take for a money transfer to show up?
Where in the app can I find my PIN?
My card payment is just showing up as pending and it has been a while , what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
How to unblock my PIN?
Am I able to top up with this cheque I received?
The app says I made a cash withdrawal that I didn't make
How do I verify my identity online
Can I change my PIN online?
What is accepted in regards to cards and currencies?
Why would my card payment be reverted?
How come my cash deposit is not showing up. This can't be right. There must be some mistake. Where did my cash go. You better not have lost it as I need this money asap.
Why was my exchange rate a different amount than usual?
I made a payment and it was reverted and wanted to know why?
Is there a limit for top-ups?
I need your help to check my account, please! My card keeps being declined at the ATM, and I've already tried two different ones!
Where can the cards be delivered?
I need to move money to another beneficiary. Why is it not working?
I got charged and extra fee when I transferred money so why was I charged?
is there a frequent currency discount?
The hotel called and said I left my phone in the room.
What is the age limit?
I want to activate the card.
Do you give refunds?
I bought an item at the wrong exchange rate.
Okay, I found my card, can I put it back in the app?
Can I put my old card back into the system? I just found it/
How long does it take to get my card? Can I choose when to receive it?
I'm quite confused as to what is going on. There is some odd extra pound charge on my statement in the app that's just listed as pending and doesn't go away since a couple days.
What is this withdrawal as I do not remember making it.
I'm unhappy with the exchange rate your cash transactions.
I need to make a transfer from Europe, how many days does this take?
How much can I top-up to my card at a time?
When will my card be delivered?
I have a question about ATM transactions. Can I take money out of an ATM when I'm traveling abroad? And, can I get the money in my home currancy?
How many different currencies can I hold money in?
Yesterday I had my phone stolen.  Please advise what I should do.
I think my card payment was cancelled. What happened?
Why didn't my top up work?
My disposable virtual card is broken.
Why is my transfer still pending?
How do I go about verifying the top-up card?
the transfer to an account wasn't allowed is there any other way for me to do it
Why did the app deny my top-up?
How do I go about changing my PIN?
Please, how do I order a card?
Why isn't my transfer going through? I get a message saying it's not possible. I've had no issues in the past.
Could you refund my transaction, I paid it into the wrong account. I need to be able to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
Would it be possible for me to get a second card?
Instead of GBP, how do I exchange for AUD?
Am I able to return an item for a refund?
Can you tell me why the transfer isn't showing up on my account?
If I lost my phone, can someone use my account?
Why am I being charge a fee when using an ATM?
Where is my money that I transfered?!
Can you tell me when my money transfer will go through
When I travel, what will it cost to switch for my currency?
When is a payment I made with my card going to clear>
There was a direct debit I don't recognize.
What should I do if my physical card isn't working?
My cash transaction isn't showing on my account
What kind of businesses will take my card?
is there a way to fix my top up
my exchange rate looks wrong for my last payment
I don't recognize this payment on my app, I am sure I didn't spend any money there.
Hello, i'd like to inform you of an issue i'm currently experiencing. The goods i have ordered from your website have still not arrived yet; it has been over 3 weeks. I would like to be issued a refund swiftly and be redirected to more competent people. Thank you for your assistance.
I would like to get a few more physical cards.
What do I do if my card is not working?
Am I permitted to have a spare card?
Help, I don't see my money i just added.
What should I expect to be charged on a SEPA transfer?
Cancel my transfer, please.
When I withdrew my money, why was there an extra charge?
Is there a fee for physical cards?
Help!  I think my phone may be stolen or lost!
How do I unblock my PIN?
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really make myself. What's going on with this, maybe someone has access to my card?!
What would II do if I wanted to activate my new card
Why was I charged a fee? I thought shopping was free?
I entered the correct pin but I still couldnt get funds.
It seems my card payment was completed twice. I paid at the store previously and the first one did not seem to go through. After a second attempt, it did go through. I now see within the app that I have been charged twice with one of them pending. Can you please remove the pending amount because it is clearly something that was declined?
I finally got my card.  Now I want to link it.  Is that something you have to do or can I do that?
How can i get a refund for something i just bought?
What is needed for the identity verification?
I no longer have my phone, what should I do?
My card is about to expire. How much does it cost to order a new one and how fast will I get it?
How can I replace an expired card?
Where can I find the auto-top option?
When I use my card, it says decline?
Do you have any idea on when I will receive my refund? I got my statement and it was not there.
How do I find out where my funds came from?
Can I use my card everywhere?
The card can be used at which ATMs?
How long does it take for a top-up?
Why doesn't my Google pay top up work?
I do not like this, I made a simple transfer but I have an additional charge for doing so.
I need help with some transactions in my account that I dont recognize or remember purchasing. Im not sure if the name is just different or what. Should my card be put on hold while the issue gets figured out to be safe or is it ok?
are there age requirements
Am I able to get both a Visa and MasterCard from you?
There's a payment showing in the app today even though I have not used my card at all. I want a refund.
How do I activate a new card?
How do I fix a transaction to the wrong account?
Let me know what the steps for the identity checks are
It says that my payment is pending, what does that mean?
Why is it I am charged an extra fee when I use the ATM?
Looking at my account I've noticed a charge that appears to still be in progress. I had attempted to get money out of the machine earlier but the machine seemed to have been broken. I never received my money so will you please look into this for me? I don't want to be charged for money I never actually received.
What was the cause for my card to be declined?
My cash withdrawl has the wrong rate of exchange.
I ordered a card but it has not arrived. Help please!
I would like a physical card
im not sure what this charge is for
What is this $1 charge on my account?
My top-up didn't go through; it still says pending. What's up with that?
Can I use my virtual card for recurring monthly payments?
How can I top-up my limit?
Where can I find an ATM to use this card?
I have a top-up that's still pending and wanted to know about it.
What is the process for using my credit card to transfer money?
What do I have to do to prove my identity?
How can my friends top up my account?
In which countries does your app work
Your foreign exchange rate is wrong.
Hello, My money went through for my purchase but now I got contacted from the seller noting that they didn't receive it. Then the money was returned to my account and I'm not sure why this occurred. So if you can resolve this issue please.
The card payment didn't work
So the transfer finally worked but now it's been pending for quite a long time. How long do you expect me to wait for it? It's quite urgent
I'm not sure why my card didn't work
When can I expect to receive my new card?
What would lead to my top up still pending?
I don't think I was supposed to be charged so much.
I get a "decline" message when doing a transfer
Where do I order a virtual card from?
I just replaced my phone so do I have to make a new account?
Something is wrong with my payment account since it has been declined
I have tried to use my card several times and it does not work.
how can i add money from my amex card
I cannot use my card.
What do I do if I cannot access the app?
I sent a check into the system but still haven't received the cash yet
I would like to cancel a purchase.
The app reverted what I topped up.
I was charged a hidden fee when I paid with card.
how do I get my card to show in the app?
If I want to select a new PIN what do I do?
Who charged me a fee for paying by card?
Can I top up using an international card
I've been waiting since Friday, where is my money?
where do you have locations at
I received my American Express card, but I am having problems making it work with Apple pay.  Can you help me with this problem?
can i add funds  with a card from the united states
please help me with this transfer, for some reason i can't transfer to a cryptocurency account
How can I exchange currencies using your app?
An extra fee of €1 was in my statement
I need to order a new card as my old one will expire soon. Can you tell me how to order a new one?
How do I terminate my account.
I had a seller reach out to me saying my money didn't come through to them, but I'm sure it was removed from my account. Can you figure out what the deal is here?
Why do you charge fees on card payments?
I need to cancel a transaction on my debit card.
what is going on with my cash withdrawal? the exchange rate is wrong
Why isn't the transferred money there?
I recently made a transfer that I would like to cancel
If there isn't much money left can it automatically top-up?
I didn't enjoy my tutor session and want a refund back. How do I go about doing this?
Can you explain why the ATM is giving me less money than what I asked for?
How can I receive my salary in another currency?
If I top-up by using a trasfer are there charges that applied?
I need help finding the verification code on the top up card.
The app made a mistake and said I made a cash withdrawal.
I think I forgot my passcode
Will you accept my salary if it's in another currency?
I would like to cancel my previous purchase.
Why do you require so many details about my identity?
How will I know where my funds are coming from?
Do you know what the restriction of the disposable cards are?
How long does it take to verify a cash withdraw?
Can I possibly change my currency to another?
When will my card be activated?
I needed to send my friends some money urgently.  I tried multiple times to transfer the money this morning, but the transfer keeps failing.  Can you tell me why the transfer is getting rejected?
If I request that my funds be held, what currencies do you use?
Are you able to locate my card?
What countries have access to this service.
Where can I get a new passcode?
My American express works with my apple pay, why is top up not working?
Is there an option to top up a with cheque?
I transferred some money but I think it has gotten lost somewhere.
My card is expiring soon.
I couldn't get money from the ATM
How long does it take for cash withdrawals to hit my account?
I found my card, am I able to put it back into the app?
I shouldn't be charged any fee for transferring .
How do I re-add a card to the app?
DO I have to be 18 to open an account?
Why isn't my top up showing on my wallet?
Mastercard is my preferred company.
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get my money back. Please it's urgent.
Why do I have a charge for an ATM withdrawal? I thought these were free?
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
Will my card work at all merchant locations?
I tried withdrawing but my cash is not showing up?
How long does it take to get money from Europe?
Please tell me how I can get a virtual card.
I really wanted to buy something online but seems the card is not working as the payment suddenly came back! What's going on here, I've been trying for a good week or two.
top up is still pending
Which ATM's will accept my card?
Can I get information on the identity checks?
Where do you guys acquire your exchange rate?
Help me to set up contactless payments.
Am I going to be charged for receiving  money?
What are my remedies if I think I was charged twice for the same expense?
What are the details of disposable card limitations?
IS there a fee to exchange currency?
I have exceeded the number of times I can try my PIN
I transferred some money but it is yet to arrive.
Are there topping up fees if I have to transfer?
I was charged extra when I made a cash withdraw, why?
Tell me what ATMs allow me to change my PIN.
Can i choose a specific delivery date?
Is there a limit to using a disposable virtual card?
Who can have access to top up my account?
I deposited a check, but haven't received the funds for it.
How can I view the source of my available funds?
My card stopped working. How do I check if there is a freeze on it?
I don't know what's wrong with my card, but it has not worked at multiple places today.
I believe that the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawl is incorrect.
I know I'm getting a new card but would like know when I can expect to receive it.
I did a transaction this morning and now I want to cancel it.
I need more assistance with how to activate my card.
What type of card can I get?
Please send my refund now.
I tried to withdraw some money from an ATM this morning but wasn't able to get the amount of cash I needed. The amount in the app says what I was trying to withdraw was deducted, but I don't have any money. What do I do about this?
How much is the charge to top up my card?
Can I use my Apple watch to fill my gas tank?
I asked for $40 and I only received $20, what happened?
What should I do about a direct debit that I did not set up?
What are the ways for others to transfer me money?
My transfer was declined. What might the reason be?
How can I use my credit card to transfer money?
This is not right, I was told I could take out cash at the ATM for free?
Are all European currencies available for holding and exchange?
My payment has been cancelled
I thought I lost my card so I cancelled it, but recently I found it in my jacket and I would like to re-establish the card.
How do I enable auto-top up?
Can I see that history on my funds and where they came from?
Do you allow currency exchanges?
I have a new card and I can't add money to it.  I tried about 30 minutes ago and it is still pending.  What do I do?
My bag got stolen with all my cards. Can you please cancel my card and send a new one?
Can I receive a new card while I am in China?
Why do you have an identity check?
The balance hasn't changed yet after depositing a cheque with some money.
Will money be added automatically when necessary?
What is the source of funds for my money?
Why is my transfer pending?
I tried and tried, but I could not complete my transfer. Tell me what is wrong.
My identity wasn't verified
How long should it take for my top-up to finish? I've been waiting a while.
I think the exchange rate is wrong for my ATM withdrawal
How long will it take to transfer something to China urgently?
Will the PIN come separately?
What is going on with it saying my card payment was declined?
Why do my transfers keep failing?
How much do I have to pay for the exchange fee?
Are there certain ATMs that I can use this card at?
How can I top up with cash?
I want to top-up using cash
Is my card lost? I am still waiting for it to be delivered.
When my card expires do you send a new card?
I can't figure out why I haven't gotten my cash, when I already put the check in the bank.
It looks like someone else withdrew cash from my account, can you help?
I don't have my mobile device and am unable to make the payment because I forgot my details.
Is there a fee for using a European bank card to top up?
I thought I left my card at a restaurant, but they claim not to have it and now I don't have any idea where it is. I'm so worried that someone might be using it fraudulently. Is there any way to look into this?
Hello I am unable to exchange the crypto currency through the app, i am very keen to buy. Please let me know the issue.    interested buying crypto currency but i am unable to purchase it through the application,i do want to do the exchange, Could you please let me know what is the problem?
If I lost my phone at the hotel, can I still use the app?
Can you check about unauthorized use of my card, I think someone is using mine without my knowledge?
Can I put my old card back in the app?
What do i do if the exchange rate was wrong for the item i bought overseas?
I requested money from the ATM and it didn't give me as much as I requested.
Why would the app revert my payment?
Can I still access the app even though my phone was stolen?
I'm pretty sure my top up failed. How do I fix this?
Where has my available money come from?
Why was there a fee when I pulled cash?
After my card expires what should I do?
Will I be charged a fee for a SEPA transfer?
What steps do I have to go through in order to activate my new card?
What has to be done to verify my identity?
What do I need to do to link my new card for my account?
Can I use my apple watch to top up?
I withdrew some cash and the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
I can't find the money I just added to my account.
Show me please how to reset my passcode.
I moved.  I need to update my details.
My phone is missing.
What steps should I take before my card expires?
I was wondering if international transfers take longer than normal because I made a transfer from France a couple of days ago and nothing has happened yet?
I have a new card. How do I activate it?
I'm really upset because I made a typo during a transfer and now I've sent money to the wrong account.  I can't fix this with the app.  Please help me immediately!
I tried my PIN too many times and now my card won't work!
I did not receive the correct amount for the exchange rate.
Are there any fees if I use a European bank card for a top up?
Why hasn't my top-up gone through?
I can't get into the app with the passcode.
Hi, I am on vacation in Spain and someone stole my bag with my phone and wallet with cards and everything. Can you block it ASAP and then I want to order a new one also ASAP.
How long will it take to deliver something to US?
How long will it take my card to get here?
I just pulled money out of the ATM and was charged a fee, WHy?
can you limit my top up?
I purchased something about one to two weeks ago but for some reason the payment was returned to my account today even though I've already received one of the items. Can you tell me what's going on?
Why is the pending status on my cash withdrawal taking so long?
I want to transfer money. How do I do that for my account?
Someone has been using my card. There are unfamiliar transactions on there. Can you freeze the card to keep this from happening?
It looks like the exchange rates on my card payment are wrong
I see a direct debit transaction in the app that is not mine
Who do I contact if there is a direct debit that I did not create.
What are the steps for my friend to send me money?
How do I see my source of funds?
Why hasn't my transaction completed?
lost my phone, dont want others to use it.
How long does it take to authorise a payment?
Can I hold money in multiple currencies?
I lost track of my card
tell me how I can order my card.
How long is the wait for my card?
Why did I get blocked?
Can you look to make sure the exchange rate is correct
I am very upset that i went to use my new card today and it kept getting declined. Why is this happening and what do I do to not have it declined?
Should I expect to be charged for topping up by transfer?
How do I top up using my card?
I am being charged the wrong amount on my card.
Will I be charged if someone needs to send me money?
Transaction showing up many times.
Do I need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
How long is the wait for a US transfer?
Need to report a change of address.
Can i change my PIN at the ATM?
Since I need to exchange currencies frequently, would you be able to offer me a discount?
Hi, I am new to this. Are there any additional fees or charges that I should be aware of? I was looking through the app and I thought I saw something in regards to fee-free allowances.
Hi, i don't know what's going on i've just paid for my top up twice by accident can you help me get a refund please.
I used my card to get cash then I was charged a fee that I shouldn't have been charged.
What do I need to know about topping up?
My account statements show a debit payment that I didn't make it's from some time ago I need to know if it is disputable.
How can I information on my limit for top-ups?
How come my transfer got declined
Hello. I looked at my account and see that a transaction I tried to do is pending, but I did not complete that transaction. When I was at the ATM, the machine declined my card. Can you make sure that transaction does not go through because I definitely did not receive the money.
My salary is received in the form of GBP. Do I need to do anything specific to configure this?
How do I add a new card?
For what reason would a top up be reverted and returned to my account?
Was there a number to track that I could get?
I make payments for my place abroad using this account and since i use it so frequently I was wondering why did the fees increase suddenly rather than decreasing? I would think customers like me should receive incentives for using your service
I accidentally put in the wrong pin too many times and now I need to unblock it. Can you assist with this?
There are fraudulent charges that I didn't make on my card. Can you please put in the safeguards necessary to stop this from happening anymore?
My google top-up pay is not going through
Why are all my card payments being declined?
What do I need to do to perform identity checks?
Is there a way to modify my details?
What are the reasons why a card payment would be declined?
Would you please tell me the status of my refund request for a large purchase I made not long ago? I contacted the merchant nearly a week ago, but haven't received it.
Is my account able to be topped up by my friends?
I'm not verifying my identity.
can google pay be used to make a top-up
I need two cards. Is this possible?
It wants me to verify the top up. Why?
Do you know how I can verify that I did a top-up to my card?
Is it possible to get a second card for my daughter?
disposable virtual card can be ordered where?
I don't see a money transfer yet
My source of funds need verified.
Can I add money to my account via bank transfer?
Are transfers not free? I didn't know I would be charged for transfers.
Is my transfer pending?
My card got charged twice for the same thing!
Is it possible to go ahead and log in, although I have not been confirmed yet?
How would I use a bank transfer for topping my account?
How come I didn't get a virtual card yet?
I just lost my wallet and I see that they are already withdrawing money from my account. How can I stop this?
I can't verify identity through the app.
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and was declined?
Where is my card PIN?
I am trying to make a transfer and am unsuccessful, can you please tell me why?
Estimated time arrival for transfers?
I have checked the account information several times to be sure that it is correct, but the in country transfer I did a few days ago still has not appeared! What is the hold up?
what is the age limit for opening a new account
Explain why I can't do a transfer to a beneficiary.
They is a payment I don't recognize on my statement.
Cash I didn't get shows in my app.
How do I reset the passcode?
Delete this account!
I topped up last night but don't have any funds, why not?
My card won't let me withdraw money.
Why hasn't payment gone through yet?
Can I wait for you to send me a new card when mine's about to expire?
Am I going to see a charge for a SEPA transfer?
What are the rules to where I can use my card?
Can my daughter make an account?
I tried to do a transfer but it didn't go through.
If I need to cash foreign transfers, how does that work?
My card didn't work in one of the shops.
I'm trying to transfer money into my account.
Can I use my card in Austria?
What is the top-ups limit?
Is there a way to use a cheque to top up my account?
I think the rate that was applied to my purchase using foreign currency is wrong. Help!
I'd like to know why my top-up was canceled please.
If I don't live in the UK, can I get a card?
I would like for someone to tell me which fiat currencies that your company supports.
A receiver let me know that they didn't receive the full transfer I completed and that it was actually a bit less than what I sent. At this point I have to make another transfer to make up for the amount missing. Can you please follow up with what's going  on here?
How can I change my old pin to a new one?
I made an ATM withdrawal over the holiday and then later realized I was charged an exorbitant fee!  I never would've made this withdrawal if I'd known I'd be charged so much.
It can take between 10 minutes to an hour before you hear back from us about the verification result.  Please try again if your verification fails.  Make sure you double check that images are clear and all document photos are readable without blur or glare. You have to be 18 or older and live in the European Economic area or live in Switzerland to be able to open an account.
I was just giving the wrong amount by the ATM. How do I request cash back at this point? The app is showing the amount that I actually requested even though that's not what I got.
Why couldn't I get cash from an ATM?
I see I was charged extra when I used the card.  I am not sure why, please tell me why.
Yesterday my phone was stolen from me :( What do i need to do about it?
I need to hold money, what currencies can I use?
Why was I charged an additional $1?
How do I change my name?
My account seems a bit off and getting weird charges.
I cannot remember my passcode, is there a way to retrieve it?
What countries are you located in?
Hey I want to buy some crypto but the app doesn't allow me to! What's the issue, I really want to exchange this
I tried to get cash out of the ATM but it is taking too long
What do you base your exchange rates on?
What's my pin number?
How can I transfer money between accounts?
Where can I view my PIN?
Why can't I see my topup in my wallet anymore?
I haven't been sent my new pin!
Why is my transfer not working? I tried multiple times to transfer money, and all that happens is an error message pops up.
I finished my transfer. I am having an issue with it still pending. It has been a long time and i'm growing impatient
How do I get my money back for something I bought?
How can I unlock my pin from too many tries?
What is going on? I have checked over and over and the details of my account are right. Why is my transfer still pending? It's 2018 not 1818. Transfering money to another country can't be that hard.
How can I revert a transaction from this morning?
Do you know how to change my card PIN?
I prefer Visa, can I get that instead?
Do you need my birthdate?
Does it cost to top up my card?
What's going on with my balance? Shouldn't it be a bit higher since I deposited a cheque a day ago?
I think my card is stolen!
Can I have it delivered on the date I need it delivered?
One of my transactions needs to be canceled.
I was double-charged for a transaction
In the past month I often used this account to manage payments for my new holiday villa. Now all of a sudden your fees have increased exorbitantly! Don't you have a rewards programme for frequent users?
Hi, Yesterdays i was unable to do online shopping as it was getting declined. Today I am facing the same issue. Please help me in this respect.
May I have another card?
What are the steps that I need to take to activate a new card?
This is the first time I've tried to get my money out of an ATM and it didn't work. Please give me my money
I've tried using my contactless in several locations today and it's not working anywhere. It seemed fine before. How do I get it to work again?
how secure is a disposable virtual card
I still do not see the cash deposit in my account from last week. Why?
Hi, I had an issue with my card payment and It shows on my account that my payment went through. Then I got contacted from the seller saying "they did not receive my payment" then the payment was returned to my account. so I would like to see why it did that please.
Is Visa or Mastercard available?
The exchange rate for my withdrawal isn't correct and doesn't match the actual exchange rate.
What ATMs is the card okay to use at?
who can put money in my account?
I think someone stole my card number and brought stuff in different places that I have never been to. I need to suspend any further purchase on my credit card.
Changing my PIN
I submitted a cash deposit to my account but it hasn't posted yet.
I went to use my new card today and the card was repeatedly declined. I would really like to use this card and need to know what to do about it.
I received my card, how do I get it to work in the app?
Is there a way to recover my password?
Where's my top up code?
I think I was charged by mistake on my debit statement.
can the delivery be specific to my needs?
I made a card payment, but it has been declined?
How do I top up my card using your app? I'm new to this.
Will you be able to exchange to EUR?
Do you accept US credit cards?
How far is the closest ATM from me?
I need my PIN
My American Express is in my Apple Pay and the top up is failing, why?
I'm dissatisfied with the service and would like to terminate the account.
I received less cash than the amount I specified in the ATM.
I ordered a card and I still haven't received it. It's been two weeks. What can I do?
What is the reason for my beneficiary to be disallowed?
The money is still in my account even though I already paid -- I don't understand what happened.
Do you only use Visa or do you have Mastercard too?
I was trying to use my card and it was declined, when I tried to find out what happened I found cash withdraw for $500 that I didn't do.  Can you please help figure this out?
How can I process a refund for something I purchased?
Please help, the atm swallowed my card, what do I do?
i cant seem to activate card
Do I need to make a regular payment before a contactless one?
My card is lost! What can I do?
I am having an issue with an in country transfer I did a few days ago. It has yet to appear in my account. I have checked to be sure that all account information is correct multiple times. What is taking the transfer so long?
I received the wrong amount of cash from the ATM. Can you help?
Seems like my top-up has been cancelled
Do the disposable cards have restrictions?
I can't see a verification code anywhere
I'm still expecting the transaction to be finished
what is my card PIN
I don't remember my password
Fix my contactless
No transactions are being accepted, what's wrong with my card?
How would I go about getting a physical card to use in stores?
How do I freeze my card using the app?
I could not access my money at the ATM
Why can't I complete the transfer?
I need to change my name, since i just got married
What do I do if my card gets broken?
Can you transfer money to your card by bank transfer?
Can I purchase extra non-virtual cards?
What are the requirements to open an account for a minor?
I can't make any transfers, they won't go through, the details are correct as I checked them.  Can you look in to this please?
Is my pending cash withdrawal processed?
My card information seems to have been stolen! I don't know where these transactions came from and I've never even been to the city where they were made. I need my card blocked ASAP so this person can't keep using my card.
can i see money source?
The payment for the card did not go through
I am having a huge problem with my card being declined and it's really important that I top-up today.  Would you please look into this further and let me know how I can get this fixed?
Do you take both Visa and Mastercard?
How can I activate my new card? I didn't recieve any information with it about how to do so.
Why am I being charged more on exchange with things I bought abroad?
there is money in my account that i didnt put there
how long will it take for my transfer to stop pending
I want a refund on a direct debit.
I can't do any business with this virtual card.
Is there a limit on how much I can withdraw from my account without being charged?
for god sake, just delete my account i am sick of this
My payment is taking a long time to go through.
Is there a fee to exchange foreign money?
I just got a new card, and I want to know how to activate.
Why is my friend not getting a transaction arrival yet?
Can i have the item refunded?
When I went to get cash, it was declined!
Do you take checks?
How can I delete my account?
It will be fine to use at any establishment that accepts Mastercard.
There is a strange payment on my card and I don't know what to do.
What currencies are accepted to add money?
Can you help me with a weird charge?  It's a pound charge that never goes away from the statement view on the app I'm using.  It's not described as anything but "Pending", and that status has never changed during the last two days.
Can you give me the restrictions of the disposable cards?
I want to find out what happened to my new card?
Where is my credit card that was to be mailed?
Can you please explain why my transfer failed?
My card would not work at a shop.
Where is my top-up generated from?
When I was drunk I got my card stuck in your machine because i mis-typed my PIN. What do I need to do to get it restored?
What forms of ID do you need for identity verification?
unsupported transfer declined
My top up has been pending for an hour already, and I really need this to go through as soon as possible.  Can you help?
Why is there some cash that I did not deposit in my account?
I have a cash withdrawal that I do not recognise.
I found the card that I thought I lost, and I would like to reactivate it.
Do you work with all fiat currencies?
what are the reasons why you would not be able to process a payment
There are a couple payments with my card displayed in the app which I didn't make. What is happening? Maybe someone has access to my card.
Has my top up gone through?
The person I sent money to hasn't gotten it yet!
Why did I have to pay an additional amount when using my card to pay?
I was not able to use the ATM to get cash
What are then rules on beneficiaries?
Whats the max I can top up
Do EU transfers happen quickly? I purchased something a few days ago and the seller hasn't received my money yet.
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
I'm still waiting for the top-up!
how to change name on account
What do I do if someone used my card without my permission?
How do I update the PIN on my account?
What do I do?  The ATM took my card!
explain the virtual card
I am at the ATM and tried to withdraw 30 pounds and it only gave me 10 pounds, what do I do?
How do I access the option to top up?
What are the rules for using disposable virtual cards?
Hold old do my kids have to be to use the service?
Why do you need to know so much about me for my account?
Tell me if there is a limit to top-up.
What cash machines will let me change my PIN?
How long does it take for me to get my pin
If i'm not in the UK, can I still get a card?
What should I do if I see an unauthorized withdrawal on my statement?
Top up not available in my wallet.
Do you happen to do exchanges of EUR?
I want to deposit my check to top up my account
Please update me on whether you have received the funds for the refund of the large purchase I made recently. I have requested this from the merchant days ago but still haven't got anything.
When I purchased a product in another country the currency exchange was incorrect.
how much do you charge to top up US cards?
Can you let me know if Visa is among the card scheme assignments?
Where can my card be used?
I made a mistake on the last transfer I made, who must I speak with to cancel?
What documents do I need for the identity check?
How many active cards can I have?
Why has my card been charged an extra pound?
Would it be possible to get another card?
What if my top up didn't work?
what is the exchange rate when i get cash
How long does it take for the money to show up in my account?
The transger I tried to make failed.
What is the verification process used for?
I need my card to come as soon as possible.
I hope you can help me. My account has been compromised from a different town that I haven't been to. Can you please place a hold on my account until I can make it to the bank?
How do I get extra cards?
How can I go about ordering a virtual card?
The app says I made a cash withdrawal even though I didn't.
I have a question regarding the PIN of the card?
can i create my own pin right away
Please delete my account.
What's going on? I was just recently charged for an ATM withdrawal. I've never seen this charge before and before it's always been free.
I did a transfer.  What is the extra fee?
I want to close my account now.
While abroad I got cash, and a wrong exchange rate was applied.
I wish to cancel a transfer
Do you offer services that hold money in different types of currency?
Hi, I want to inquire about my balance. Some cash was deposited and it hasn't updated yet.
The card is non-functional.
I want to link my new card. Can you help?
How do I see what fees I am supposed to be charged on my account? I've noticed fees on some transactions, but not on others. This is very confusing and I cannot find a pattern to what I am being charged?
I have a fee and I don't know why
My card was used without my permission.
Can I top-up via Apple Pay?
Can I have a third card?
My app shows a payment I didn't make
What does pending payment mean?
How do I unblock my card using the app?
My account transfer was not cleared.
Is it possible to get both Visa and Mastercard from you?
How can my new card be activated?
I need to make multiple disposable cards in a day.
Please close my account. I am unsatisfied with your service.
My salary comes in GBP can I change my options somewhere?
I requested $100 but only got $20
Is it possible to get a disposable virtual card as well?
Do I get  a mastercard and visa?
Why was I charged for transferring money?
The refund on my account hasn't shown up
the exchange rate was different than expected
How many disposable cards can I own?
Why am I being charged twice?
After trying to update my account balance yesterday by cheque it doesn't seem to working. Shouldn't the process be quicker? I need my account looked at because there appears to be a problem.
Do I get an actual card?
Do I need to add my salary?
My card expires next week. How do I get a new one?
why and how soon do I have to have proof of identity to you?
How can I lookup where funds came from?
When will the transaction post to my account?
It's been a week since I ordered my card and it's not here. Please help?
how do i cancel my account
Could I get tracking on the card?
The ATM would not give me cash,why?
My top-up didn't work.
i need to proof my identity to you why and how?
I have an unauthorized transaction on my statement
Is my top up not working?
I wanted to transfer money to another account, but now I don't have to so I'd like to cancel said transfer. How can I do that?
Why do you charge for payments? Why aren't your charges clearly laid out in the agreement?
What are the charges for US cards with top up.
The ATM gave me less cash than I requested
The app doesn't recognize me.
Do you offer account's for minors?
Is there extra fees for making a withdraw in a different country at a cash machine.
I would like to change my personal details.
I am unable to prove my identity
Are there any documents needed for the identity check?
I would like to change my name after marriage.
Is there a way to reset my passcode?
Something went wrong, I was charged an extra pound?
I need to find out what is the limit for top-ups.
Does it cost much or take long to get a new card? Mine is about to expire.
Is there anyway to bypass identity verification?
There has been a charge pending on my account statement that I can't figue out it's for a dollar.
After I transferred money the balance remained the same.
how do i dispute a payment I didnt make
Why did I not get all the money that I asked for? I asked for all the cash in my my account, but I only got about half. Why is that??
Do you know if my top-up has been cancelled?
Can I get paid for this in another currency?
Card activation steps
What is needed to activate my card?
This place has been too much work so I'd just like to close out my account & be done.
Where can I edit personal details?
I did not get my virtual card yet, Why?
I think that there is a payment on my card that I did not authorize.  I don't recognize the name attached to the transaction.
I have been waiting for my top-up to complete and it still hasn't gone through.
Do I need a photo ID to activate a my new card?
Can someone help me unblock my pin?
Pending transfer?
What ATMs will accept this type of card?
I'm suddenly getting an error while attempting a transfer that it isn't possible. Why? I've done it before.
How can I find a way to transfer money without it being rejected?
My billing address changed and I need to update my information.
Did  my transfer fail?
Is there something wrong with your website? I tried topping up my account and it's been close to two hours now and it's still at "pending" for some reason. I just joined with you guys and this is the first attempt at this, so maybe I'm wrong, but shouldn't this be instant?
How do I get my disposable virtual card to work?
What is the top-up limit on my cards?
Which one are you?  Visa or Mastercard?
Why isn't my payment showing?
Why hasn't my top up gone through?
I don't understand why my card payment is pending.  It has been pending for too long.  Why is this and when might it go through?
Is there a tracking number for the card you sent me?
How can i check if my card is working?
what is the virtual card
I am from the EU, can I sign up?
I think somebody made an unauthorized copy of my card.  My account has a cash withdrawal for 500£ that I did not make.  Please help.
I received my card, how do I get it to show in the app?
I got my new card. How do I activate it?
Hello, I have tried using crypto top up but it is not working. I had some money in my account but I'm not sure what happened
How long does it take to get my money
What is my foreign exchange rate?
I need to top up cash, How do I do it?
I attempted a transfer, but it failed.
While doing a transfer, it says declined.
How can I fix my card if the contactless function didn't work this morning?
Will you be able to send the new card to China?
For some reason I forgot the passcode I have.
How long does EU transfer take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
Is there a fee for currency exchange?
I was wondering why my payment hasn't gone through yet, its been a while.
What is the youngest age in order to have an account?
What do I do if there is an electronic debit that is not correct?
My product hasn't arrived even though I ordered it a while ago. I want a refund!
There is a vendor name I don't recognize on a payment from my account. I don't think I made this payment.
My top up hasn't gone through yet, why?
What's the U.S. Delivery time?
Hey, I'm buying a flat and I need my mortgage to go though. However, every time I check I get an error message. Is there any way you can help me with this transfer.
Pending still shows on this transfer, why?
Do you know why my card payment is declined?
I made a payment that seems to be stuck. It's been a couple of days already. Can you tell me how long it will take?
I just completed a bank transfer and the balance didn't update
My phone was stolen so I no longer have access to the app.
I need to change my name since I got married
Can I have another card in addition to my first one?
Are you sure this is the interbank exchange rate? This rate is really bad.
I'm not sure where my phone is, I think someone stole it or it's lost.
Can I choose the day it's delivered?
Please verify my top-up card
Does delivery to the US take long?
The ATM is messed up. It gave me less than I wanted.
How long do transfers take to show up in my account?
I got less cash than what I specified at the ATM.
My ATM transaction was cancelled.
Why did my transfer get declined?
Can I exchange currencies with my account?
I would like to exchange currencies
How do I transfer money into my account?
Which ATM's can I use to make a withdrawal?
Why did it decline my payment?
I got some items this morning but the payment says pending
I need assistance with activating my new card.
Why didn't my balance update after my cash or checque deposit?
Where can I find the verification code for the top up card?
what is going on, i have entered my passcode and its not working
What is the extra fee on my statement?
Am I able to look back at a transaction to see who with drawled some money from my account? I don't remember authorizing this a few weeks ago, but wanted to double check who took the money.
Will I see fees from adding money with an international card?
Where do I verify my identity?
What do you charge for physical cards?
How many days does a transfer from the US take?
Is there a charge for cash withdrawals? I always thought it was free.
I payed with a card and was charged an extra fee
Is there a verification code for top-ups?
I have used all of my PIN tries. What should I do now?
Where can I change my personal information after I move?
When I received my cash, the exchange rate was wrong.
How do i request more physical cards?
In regards to the PIN of the card?
Can cash be used in physical locations to top up?
Hello, in these holidays i have been overcharged on the amount i have withdrawn on one of your ATMs. I did not had any clue about the horrible charges otherwise i would not have withdrawn.
Can I find the origination of my funds?
What credit cards are supported?
I have a disposable card, how many transactions can I make?
I thought I knew my password but I guess I was wrong, what can I do now?
There is a Direct Debit that I don't recognize.
I've changed my mind on an item.  How do I get a refund?
Why can't the person I sent the money transfer to see it?
I have been trying to exchange this for crypto but the app won't work could you please help me?
Can i use this card at any store?
You can do that in just a few seconds. Go to account, hit activate, and follow the directions from there.
What's the web address to unblock my pin?
How do I add cash to my account?
Why was my transfer charged fees?
I did a transfer and was charged a fee that I shouldn't have been!
Can you tell me more about limits to disposable virtual cards?
Why hasn't my cash been deposited yet?
This stupid system is not letting me prove my identity.
Why isn't my refund showing up?
Can I see where my funds come from?
I sent money and the recipient has not received their money after two weeks.
Why can't I use a disposable card?
There's a debit on my account that I didn't do.
What to do if my card has been used without my permission?
I think someone stole my card because I can't find it.
What's going on with the top-up? All it says is pending, pending, pending! I use your service several times a week and have never had a problem before! What's going on here?
Can I exchange and hold all fiat currencies?
So I just went to the ATM to get some cash.  I input that I needed 100 pounds but I only got 80.  I have the receipt  and I am in need of the extra money.  How do I go about obtaining the missing amount?
What are the currency types that I can keep money in.
Why is my card payment still pending? It should have gone through already.
There is a transaction for $1 and I don't know why it was charged.
How do I get a physical card?
There was an extra fee on my account when I got cash.
What do I do when my card expires?
I have a second credit card from the US. Will you take it?
Why is the exchange rate different from what I expected?
I wasn't applied the correct exchange rate for an item I bought
Hello, what is a virtual card and how do I get one?
I want to inactivate my account.
I made a transfer and am still waiting.
How much does it cost to top up a US-issued card?
How many virtual cards do I get?
Why has my top-up not worked?
I was charged $1 in a transaction.
Can I order a disposable virtual card?
I tried to do a transfer and it hasn't worked!
Why would my transfer be declined?
How can I get my money back for a payment i didnt make
Can I use my account although my identity verification has yet to pass?
Are there any sort of fees involved for top of transfers?
Am I able to do a SWIFT transfer with you?
I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my first payment for my mortgage to go through first. I keep getting an error. I'm not sure what is going on but i need help making this transfer.
A random charge got added to my card
How can I order virtual cards?
WHAT IS THE REASON FOR THAT
Will you be adding more currencies in the future?
Am I allowed to hold money in multiple currencies?
What should I do since my card is trapped in the ATM?
Can you please tell me where my card is? I ordered it 2 weeks ago!
When shipped to the US how long is delivery time?
I don't know if this is an issue with the ATM or my account, but I just tried withdrawing 30 pounds from the ATM I'm at now and it only gave me 10. Is this a glitch or what exactly is going on?
How do I exchange USD to GBP?
I'm still waiting for my transaction.
I need to verify my identity. How do I do that?
My card didn't work at the ATM in Notting Hill.  Is my card working?
Why is there a direct debit I didn't make showing in the app?
Card has been received, how will it show up on the app?
how many days processing new card?
I need your help in deleting my account.
My pin isn't here yet
I want to top up my account. What payment methods are supported?
Is it possible to top-up automatically?
What steps do I have to take to activate my card?
Hi,I tried to get some money out but the machine was not working .The transaction still seems in progress! Can you please check what's going on.I don't want to be charged for money that I did not received.
Why did I not get my cash back after I withdrew?
I received cash from the ATM earlier, but this shows up as pending in the app.  I've got the cash already.  How can this be still pending?
Where is my missing cheque I deposited?
What are the most current exchange rates?
how do i setup my apple pay
Why is my transfer still pending after all this time?
Did I not get my refund? I don't see it.
There is a direct debit charge on my account that is not mine.
I made a transaction at an atm and was charged extra for it.
How come I was charged a transaction of $1?
How can I hold and exchange fiat currencies?
I am wondering about a transfer from a different country that doesn't show up yet?
Why is my transfer not done yet?
I think the currency exchange that's been applied is wrong.
Am I able to order a disposable virtual card?
What is the procedure for activating this card?
Why wasn't I able to transfer to another account?
Why hasn't the transaction I did to my friend arrive yet?
How do I go about cancelling a transaction?
I moved.  Where do I update my details?
Are there any fees associated with receiving money?
The $1.00 has still not been reverted as indicated in the previous email.
Which ATMs am I allowed to get money from?
How can I dispute a direct debit transaction?
I seem to be unable to make any transactions.
My phone was stolen, what do I do?
I would like to cancel my order.
Why did I only receive this much currency?
Why is my cash request and the amount I received different?
I made a mistake and need to cancel a transaction
What exchange rates do you use?
Do you charge for making a withdrawal? I took some money out of my account earlier and I was charged for this.
MY transfer has still not appeared.
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal?
Help me. My transfer was declined. How could this happen?
What information do I need to gather in order to activate my card?
I've use this account all the time, including over this past month, to pay for things from my new place abroad. I'm a really good customer, so why do I suddenly have new fees? I should be rewarded instead of charged more fees.
What do I do if my virtual card won't work.
Would you please unblock my pin? I don't know why, but it's blocked.
want to know how to get virtual card
Can you please refund my item?
Something is wrong with my password.
Why was my request for cash declined?
How do I change my address?
Which countries do you operate in
WHY IS THERE AN EXTRA FEE FOR USING THE ATM??!!!
I tried verifying my ID, but it won't let me.
I wanted to know what discounts were offered for current exchanges as it is something that occurs frequently.
What's the top-up limit?
Can you tell me which cards and currencies are supported?
My contactless stopped working today no matter where I try to use it. How do I get it to start working again?
The exchange rate applied was incorrect when I was traveling outside the country.
my cash withdrawal has not come out of my account yet.
If I want a friend to top off my account, can they?
I bought an item and noticed the exchange rate was not correct.
Why do I have an unexpected fee on my bill?
Can I set it up to add money every few days automatically while I am traveling?
What's with not verifying my Id?
I have a 1 euro fee on my statement.
My address needs to be changed.
Why is the transfer showing pending?
What are the exchange rates you assign?
I can't seem to be able to use my card
Are there restrictions for ordering extra cards?
How long does transfers take?
Why can't I buy cryptocurrency on the app?
How do I prove I am who I am?
What does it mean when it says that I have a payment that is pending?
What top up charges are there for US cards?
My money transaction hasn't arrived.
What are ways to test why my card might not be working?
I want to apply for a Visa card.
Why was my account assessed a fee for an ATM transaction?
I made a cash deposit to my account but it is not there
Can both a Visa and Mastercard be received from you?
I didn't buy this twice
Is it possible to deposit money in GBP?
My card payment had the wrong exchange rate
What is the currency exchange fee?
I have been charged twice for the same thing!
Today I noticed a charge for an ATM withdrawal on my account. Can you please fix this? It's supposed to be no charge.
My payment is in the app but hasn't gone through yet
How old do kids have to be to open an account?
The ATM ate my card.
What is the difference between standard and express delivery?
I would really like a physical card.
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I don't recognize
I have made a withdraw from an ATM this last holiday, why is there such a high charge from this transaction?
What is the fee if I use a European bank for a top up?
After making a payment with my card it doesn't seem to have worked. It's just showing to be pending. When will this actually be going through?
Has someone accessed my card there are payments I did not make that are showing up on the app.
In which stores can I shop with this card?
Help, I need to top up my account. Where do I send a check?
Tell me how I can verify a card top-up.
I keep getting an error message when I'm trying to transfer funds! Why aren't you accepting that?
Hello-Can you please help me get a refund from this merchant?  I ordered a product and would like to return it. I have been unsuccessful in getting the merchant to return my request for the past several days.  I understand it can take up to 45 days to process the dispute and issue a refund, however, if this can be expedited faster it would be very helpful to me.
My transfer is still pending, why?
Can I re-link a lost card with the app?
I tried to buy something online yesterday and was told declined. I got the same error today after trying again. What is the problem?
Where are the ATMs that I can use Mastercard?
Can I choose whether I receive a Visa or a Mastercard card?
I forgot my phone at the hotel, so I can't access the app.
I deposited money in the form of a cheque, but my balance has not increased.
My PIN is locked, how do I unlock it?
There's a direct debit payment that I don't recognize.
Can you tell me if I can hold money in several currencies?
How do I get the Top Up feature on my apple watch working?
I deposited a cheque, why isn't my balance showing that I did?
I went to top up and it is no longer there.  Was it sent back?
The transactions showing up are strange, I think my card was used without me knowing.
Why can't I complete my transfer?
Why won't my card work.
Where do I go to change my PIN?
I sent my friend some money a few hours ago but she has not received it yet. She really needs it. How long does this take?
It is extremely important that I cancel the transfer I made yesterday and put the money into a different account.  Is this possible?
Tell me if there are any top-up limits?
My card was taken by the ATM.
I am waiting on this refund, hurry up.
The ATM didn't give me enough money.
Do you have EUR currency available for me?
How can I create many temporary cards daily?
I tried to do a transfer and it's saying it declined.
I deposited cash into my account a week ago and it is still not available, please tell me why? I need the cash back now.
What does it mean when a transfer is "pending"?
Can I cancel my transaction?
I tried to get funds in hard cash but it was rejected!
How can I verify my indentity?
I think something went wrong with my card delivery as I haven't received it yet.
Can you tell me about why the account I have was charged an extra 1$
how much to get my card in 2 days?
Where can I use my card to pay?
What is the charge for receiving a SEPA transfer?
Where do we mail the card?
I might be paranoid, but someone may be using my card.
Why did I get charged a fee for my card payment?
I was double charged, and the second charge is showing as "pending". How long will it be before I get my money back once the second charge has been refunded?
I saw money was taken out of my account by a seller a while back. I do not recognize the seller, but I'm pretty certain I didn't make that payment. Can you track who the seller is?
Am I able to do top-ups with Google Pay?
I'm waiting for my transaction to complete.
How do I transfer funds from my American Express into my account?
How do I receive a refund for my item?
Why can't I verify my id?
I need to order a new card, can you please direct me to the virtual cards?
I took out money and there is a fee.  Why?
When will my top-up process?
I topped up but it isn't in my account
Can I use my American Express stored in Apple Pay to top up?
I withdrew cash and was charged
I would like to transfer money into my account.
How does one send me money?
Seems like my transfer was declined how come?
How do I receive a disposable virtual card?
What limits are the to top-ups?
I bought something and already paid for it but now I don't see it.
I withdrew cash and was charged. Why?
When will the money from a transfer be made available on my account?
Hi, i just topped up my phone and the money was deducted but it seems to have deducted the same amount again! please help!
I can't find my card!  What should I do?
My balance doesn't include my latest transfer
How much does it cost for additional cards?
I have used all my PIN tries, what now?
There is a charge on my card that I did not make
Why is the identity check involved?
What is the procedure for getting another card?
Why is the cash transaction still showing as not completed?
Money was transferred to me and I am unable to see it
can I link a card of yours I already have?
How much can I top up in a day?
How long will it take for my top up to work? It's still pending
Hi, there is a suspicious payment from my card. I definitely do not know who this is or who could have made this payment.
I need my card now!
How long will it take for the card to arrive?
How can I get my money that I didn't get from the ATM?
The app has rejected my top up.
Is there a way to find an ATM around me?
How can I change my name because I just got married?
Explain how to verify my identity?
I cannot seem to buy something online with my card? the payment comes back, what's going on?
What is the foreign exchange rate you will apply?
I think the exchange rate on my card payment is incorrect.
May I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but I wasn't able to get anything out. Is there a problem with my card? It's the first time I tried using it.
My things were stolen yesterday and I can't use any apps or anything, so I am going to need some help.
How do I request the PIN?
The cheque I sent a few days ago has not been deposited yet, what is the hold up?
Which flat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
Why hasn't the money I transferred into my account shown up yet?
What are age requirements for opening an account?
What is the age limit for an account?
Are you located in other countries?
My top up was denied in the app.
How do I freeze my bank card, as there has been a strange withdrawal?
I tried to withdraw money but I was declined!
I need to find out where the card is that I ordered.
Are there any ATM's near me that accept this card?
i need help. I updated my balance with a check yesterday and Im not seeing it. Can you look at my account to see what went wrong?
the card payment exchange rate is wrong
What exchange rates do you offer?
I wish to close my account. I do not like the service you provide.
Is a physical card also available
I cannot seem to use my card.
Where can I get my PIN unblocked?
Why is a transfer I did recently still processing?
I sent a cheque  a few days ago and nothing has happened to my account yet. Can you please check on this for me?
I can't remember my password.
Would it be possible to activate my card?
Where do I find the exchange rate?
My thoughts were that you offered crypto top up which does not seem to be working. The money has now been taken from my account. What is the problem here?
If I feel someone has my card information, can I get a new card?
I got charged two times for a transaction
My work sends me all over the world, can I get a discount for all the money I have to exchange?
I would like to reactivate my card.
Will I be able to top up by cheque?
Are there any places that won't take my card?
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I am blocked.  Help me unblock!
My card payment doesn't work.
The exchange rate is incorrect for something I bought
What happens if my card is stuck in the ATM?
Why is my contactless not working?
My transaction is still showing that is pending from my cash withdrawal.
They said I would get a refund but I don't see it on my statement.
I'm running out of money, can I  auto top up?
My card is gone I think it was stolen
I need help proving that this is really me and to verify my identity.
How do I tell if my top up was reverted?
Tell me why my virtual disposable card won't work.
Can I use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
There's a €1 fee on my statement, why?
I think my top-up was cancelled.
I'v exhausted all the of times I can try my PIN
I need mastercard as well as visa
How do I link my card
Can I have more physical cards?
At which locations can I order a card?
Please sort your top up! My top up has been pending for an hour already. Can you please make it go through as soon as possible. I really need the money.
I need my payment in another currency
Are US credit cards accepted?
Is auto top up a provided service?
I am waiting for a payment to go through.
Are there fees for using an international card to top up?
Is there a limit to a disposable virtual card?
Please give me both a visa and a master card.
pending transaction?
I needed cash from the ATM but I couldn't get it.
Can I transfer something urgently from China? How long does it take?
I checked my account today and it said I was out of money. How do I transfer money into my account?
The attempted transfer failed.
Why did you guys charge me an extra €1?
Is there a transaction limit for a disposable card?
The card PIN is not visible anywhere?
Where do I go to change GBP?
Is getting my identity verified required before I can use my account?
I noticed my card payment was cancelled, can you tell me why?
The refund isn't appearing in my account
Show me how to activate my card
I want to stop my account
Why does is payment not going through? Did my account get frozen or some other issue I don't know about. What can I do to fix this problem?
Would you be able to offer me a discount, since I need to exchange currencies frequently?
In my statement there is a payment that is I do not recognize
Can I add a card back to the app?
Does your system support multiple currency.
Is there something wrong with my top up I did an hour ago? it's still pending. I need that money, i cant afford to wait or have it come back to me.
I need help right now. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number after making a typo. Please cancel the transfer now since I can't do it from the app.
Why isn't my cash deposit showing up in my account? I deposited it this morning.
How come when I tried to pay contactless at the bus it didnt work?
I think my transfer was declined, but why?
Where in the app do I go to verify my identity?
I am seeing in the app, some cash witdhrawals that I did not authorize.
How long does it take to show a deposit I made to my balance?
What do I do when I get close to the expiration date of my card?
I couldn't make a transfer
I don't know if I made this payment on my card.
Can I deposit a check?
how do i track the moeney
Why is  my  top  up for  my  new account  not  instant
I tried to make a cash withdrawal and it was declined. Why did this happen?
I just noticed that I supposedly made a payment to a seller a while back. The problem is, I don't recognize the seller. There must be a way to see who it is or track the payment. Can you do that, because I don't remember this transaction?
Will you charge me if I top up by card?
I would like to apply for a visa card.
I think I may have been charged $1 extra on my app.  Could you provide some insight as to why this may have happened?
What is the pending payment on my card about?
The rate applied to my foreign purchase was incorrect
I am in desperate need to transfer funds from another account that i have into this one, how do i do that?
There are some charges that I don't recognize.  It happened days ago.  Can I get these charges back?  Should I cancel my card?
Is it possible to use my apple watch for topping up?
I already have one of your cards, how do I link them?
My transfer isn't in
Where do I unblock my PIN?
How can correct Top up with the app to work correctly?
I transferred money to a receiver within the EU and they received a lesser amount than expected.  Now I will have to send additional money to the receiver in order to make up the difference.  I'm not sure what went wrong, can you please advise?
Help!  In the app there is a direct debit that I don't remember.
When I put the wrong pin too much, I got blocked, so can you help me unblock my pin
Is there a limit when using auto top-up?
Who can request disposable cards?
Tell me how many transactions I can do with a disposable card.
I don't have a virtual card - how do I get one?
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but it was not authorized
What am I going to need in order to activate my card?
How do I interconvert between AUD and GBP?
Why is my deposit still pending?
I have a payment I didnt make on my account
I have a transaction showing up multiple times.
If I receive foreign currencies, am I able to exchange them on the app?
What do I do if the ATM took my card?
I am still currently waiting for the cash that has been deposited into the account this morning.
$1 extra has been charged on my statement, why is that?
Why did I get charged for a withdrawal?
I don't understand where this debit came from and want it removed.
Can you tell me what I need for identity validation?
Why did I get a fee for getting cash?
My card has been charged two separate times for a single transaction.
It won't let me prove my identity.
I am having to wait for my transfer to be fully processed. It seems to be taking a very long time in the pending phase. What is the normal turn around time that I can expect to see it completed?
I really was trying to complete this exhange. I was trying to purchase some crypto but the app won't allow me to do it. Can you tell me what's going on here?
I do not understand what this particular direct debit is ?
Why was I charged for cash withdrawal?
How much can I top up on my card?
I saw on the app that a cash withdrawal was completed on my account; however, I did not complete it.
Do you offer cards for those in other countries?
I just made an order and noticed an extra fee. Why have you charged me this without informing me?
How much is ok for me to top up with?
I had a cheque deposited, but I still haven't seen the cash.
Do I need to do something to get a new card once it expires?
Can I get a refund on an item?
Can you tell me what i steps i should take since my card was stolen?
Please tell me how to change my pin.
I need to know what flat currencies you support for holding and exchange.
Where am I able to use the card?
What ATMs accept my card?
When I was abroad the exchange rate for me was wrong.
We want to start a college fund for my daughter.
What is the reason a transfer shows as pending?
I requested a refund from a merchant days ago but I do not see it in my account.
Why is this fee being charged to me after using my card?
Good morning. I tried to make a purchase with my credit card last night and again this morning. Both times it was declined. Can you investigate?
I'm unable to use contactless payments for purchases.
The exchange rate used on your app is really bad. I'm considering closing my account because of it.
The exchange rate was wrong?
How long does it take for a refund?
Is there a fee when I get cash from an ATM? Is there a limit I can take out? If there is a fee, what is it?
Can someone please tell me how much I can top-up?
i need a refund right away but the funds aren't available in my account
Can I get a Visa instead of a MasterCard?
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
There is a direct debit that I didn't set up, what should I do?
I see a direct debit that isn't mine? How can I get my money back?
What about an auto top-up, is that a option?
Are there any charges for receiving money?
I do not remember the code, what should I do?
why do I have an unknown payment?
My account balance has not gone up even though I just transferred money into it
I did not receive my purchase, how do I cancel it?
My PIN was blocked.
Please tell me if I'm going to be charged for sending out more cards?
i tried to do a transfer to an account but it didn't work
I show another charge on my card from when I used it, why?
Can I tell what business will take this card?
I need to activate my card, how is that done?
My foreign currency exchange has been applied incorrectly.
The incorrect rate was used in my foreign purchase
I am under the impression that my top up is still pending
I need my card soon.
I'm confused ass to why my contactless is not working.
My statement shows a strange direct debit.
Would like to use my card and need to activate it first.  Can you help me do this?
Close down my account.  I don't like your service.
Do you limit my top-offs?
Can I transfer my salary onto here?
When will I get my new card?
I have a payment that shows twice
My contactless is non-functional.
I need you to delete my account now.
May I get a disposable virtual card as well?
Is there any way to know how the transaction got on my account?
Why is my purchase showing as pending?
How long will it take for my payment to go through?
What's the exchange fee?
I made a bank transfer earlier from my UK account.  I don't see it yet, can you check the status?
Can you tell me what this fee is on my statement?
Who do I make a check out to if I want to top off my account?
How long does it take for a transfer to reach my account?
I contacted the seller and he won't respond.  Please just refund me my  money.
Help! I think someone has a copy of my card - I still have my card, but a five hundred pound cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize is shown on my account.
I just recently got a new beach condo in Bora Bora, and to furnish it I used this account a lot from overseas. It's upsetting, being a long-time customer of yours, that I saw extra fees on my account from my currency transfer. Is this what I should expect from you in the future?
I just bought an item and would like to stop payment, is this possible?  The item has not been received yet.
I noticed on my online statement that an ATM withdrawal I made early is still pending.  Is this accurate?
How do I cancel my card? There are charges on my account that I didn't make.
How come I can't seem to verify my id?
Why do you keep declining my transfers? It's been working well so far, but when I just tried to buy something, the card got declined. I tried it a few times, but same thing happened every try.
I would like to get additional physical cards at this time
Can you please tell me why I cant get money from the ATM?
What countries can I travel to and have access to their currencies?
My card was stolen
My top-up was revoked.
Why did my payment get declined?
I'm in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
Need to deposit a cheque into my account
My top up was rejected. Why?
I would like to cancel a payment. I purchased something several days ago and i still have not received it.
What do I need to verify my identity
Card payment didn't go through.
The app is showing a payment I never made.
Why won't my transfer go through?
My card payment didn't go through.
Payment i did not do
What ATMs will allow me to change my PIN?
I've got charges on my account I did not authorize. Can I get this money back from the last couple of days that it's been coming out? I also need to freeze my card.
Why did you cancel my card payment?
auto-top up option can be found where?
My payment was cancelled
Help me please, My Apple Pay American Express top up does not work.
Where do you mail physical cards?
I need to update my address.
What is the disposable card for?
How do i set up auto top-up?
Why can't I withdraw cash from this ATM?
Hey there's a fee for a transfer on my account.  Why?!
What type of ID do you accept?
I forgot my code
There is some odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's that about? Pretty sure I haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
I think the exchange rate was incorrect.
I need to order a new card.
Why do you require all my identity details?
Can I top-up any amount?
Am I charged a fee to transfer funds?
I heard you have an auto-top up option, where do I find that?
I couldn't pay with card in a shop
I made a mistake and need to cancel a transfer.
Some cash was withdrawn in the app, but I did not do it.
No Visa please. I want to continue with Mastercard.
where can i deposit a check
Do I get charged for a top up from a European bank?
Do you have a list of countries you operate in?
I was issued a new card a week ago but still haven't received it. How long will it be until I receive it?
Why have I been charged a fee for cash withdrawal?
Is there a way to make my old card usable with the app?
How do I unblock my pin after entering it wrong too many times?
i didnt make these transactions, i think my card details might be stolen
Can I update my details?
My exchange rate was wrong for an Item I bought!
I need to know when a payment will actually go through. I completed a payment using my card but it is just showing as pending at this point and it has been a while ago.
Can I get a new card with new expiration date in China?
how to get new card after atm eats it
I would like to know why my purchases from this morning are still pending.
Where can my card be delivered?
How to I close my account?
What are the countries you have offices in?
Where can I exchange my money for EUR?
My address details have changed and I want to update them
So, I am a new customer and attempted to top up for the very first time today. It's already been pending for half an hour and doesn't seem to be working. I need to please get this fixed.
I have a transfer that was declined.
What steps do I take to receive another passcode?
If I want to be able to give my daughter a card for my account, would I be allowed to get one for her?
I would like to have assistance with activating my card.
When will money be available in my account?
My card will expire next month, will I need to order a new one?
My card isn't working anymore.
I sent a payment but it isn't showing up in the app
Why isn't my money from a check deposit showing?
Is it free for top ups?
How many transactions can I do with one disposable card?
From what countries can I use an account?
How do I use the disposable cards?
I seem to of forgotten my passcode.
How do I retrieve a trapped card from a ATM?
Do yo charge a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
On my last trip, I received the incorrect exchange rate.
I made a currency exchange and think I was charged more than I should of been.
I have have multiple charges for one transaction.
Whats types of currency can I exchange?
Can we skip verifying?
Could I open an account for my children?
Can I change my PIN on holiday?
So, I was under the impression that you have an offer for crypto top up. This doesn't seem to be working. Now, the money has just disappeared from my account. What is the deal?
Is it possible to get a transfer from SWIFT?
Am I able to track the card that was just sent to me?
Can I get a card despite the fact I'm not in the UK?
Can my daughter also have a card issued in her name, but linked to my account?
How can I fill up my gas tank using a check?
What currencies are supported?
Is it possible to edit my personal details on the app?
My phone was stolen! What do I need to do?
do I need anything for the identity check?
I want a virtual card that is disposable
I noticed that there is a withdrawal in the app that is not mine.
I can't find my refund. Please help.
I did not receive the right amount of cash.
Why do you need all this information about my Source of Funds?
I made a cash deposit, but it hasn't shown up in my balance yet.
How to exchange my currency
I have not been able to use this card.
Is American Express supported for adding money into my account?
Why should I have to prove my identity?
Why is it taking so long for a transfer to complete!
Can you tell me where my readily available cash has come from?
Hi, As suggested by you, i have asked the seller to initiate the refund, it has been a week and i haven't received my money. Please advise.
I tried using a check to update my balance, but it isn't work? Is something wrong?
Which card would I get, Visa or Mastercard?
Do I need any kind of documentation for the identity check?
When will my top up go through?
How long after I receive my statement can I dispute payments on it?
Your exchange rates come from where?
How can I tell if there is a top-up limit?
I want to transfer a sum of money from another bank account I have into this one
what is a virtual and how do i get one
Which countries do you currently support?
What is the delivery time to the US?
I got some cash at an ATM earlier, but now app is showing that I withdrew more than I did.  Help!
I have not received my pin yet
My virtual card is just not going through.
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary happen?
I haven't received my cash yet.
Why did my my transfer get declined?
Why can't I transfer to an account?
I need assistance finding out why I am unable to top-up my card, it keeps getting refused.  It is extremely imperative I get this resolved quickly.
I have made 5 attempts to make a very standard survey, yet I can't get it to work. What is the problem? Is there an issue related to your system?
Why was I charged for a cash withdrawal at the ATM?
The amount of cash I selected to withdraw is different than what I received.
If I don't want a physical card can i get a virtual version?
Why has transferring money resulted in a charge?
How can I get a physical card
I made a purchase but never expected to see a fee charged for the transaction.
My card suddenly quit working.
I need someone to alert me as to what's going on. I had transferred an amount but the receiver is saying that the amount is somewhat less than what I sent over. I now have to make another transfer to make up the difference.
Is there a reason why top-up needs verifying?
how do i get a card if i am in the usa
I need a new card, my old card is expiring.
I need to be made aware when I am being charged an extra amount for payments please. I looked over the app earlier and noticed an additional feel related to one of the payments. I was not warned about this before.
My ATM withdrawal is taking forever
When I look at my statement there is an extra fee, that is for what?
Why does my account show as pending a cash withdrawal from the ATM that I have already made?
Is my card broken? I can't get cash out of the ATM
My card was not accepted in a shop
What type of fiat currencies do you support?
how long are my top ups pending
I am not supposed to be charged a cash withdrawal fee, but I was.
Transactions on my card look really weird. I've been charged twice for a couple things this week! Please check this and return the double charged ones.
How can I get a real-life card of my own?
Why has my top-up failed?
My credit card was just denied for top up! Can you tell me why this happened and what's going on?
The wrong exchange rate was used for my cash withdrawal
Why is the fee for taking money out so high?  I feel I was overcharged and I would have never used this ATM if I would have known ahead of time.
How is this transfer supposed to work? It's not working for me.
Does the app allow for exchanges between currencies?
There is a Direct Debit that looks suspicious.
I just made a transfer from a UK account. How long does that typically take to show up? I just want to make sure it worked alright.
I wasn't able to use my card today when I went out for lunch. Wondering why that is?
When will my cash withdrawal show/
Is there a fee when you pay with your card?
I have a card payment I didn't make
I have exceeded the number of PIN attempts
Can you provide information for freezing my card immediately?
I was overcharged a pound.
Can I tell if my top off didn't work?  It doesn't seem to have.
I am still waiting for my card after 1 week.  Is this ok?
Can you tell me the total cost of a transfer?
I just got a new card how do I get it to start working?
My card is about to expired what will happen?
Is there a possibility to open an account for my sons and daughters?
Can I open a bank account for my newborn baby?
I stupidly initiated a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It can't be paid from that account, but it really needs to get paid on time. Am I able to move the payment to the right account?
The receipient doesn't see my money transfer.
I got charged twice for the same payment. Please removed the pending payment. Thank you.
I want a refund
I am not seeing recent cash withdrawal on my account.
Can i have a card to my daughter?
Will I get charged for topping up with an international card?
Will the card be a Mastercard or a Visa?
Can I return an item?
There are transactions that I did not make on my account, I think someone has my information.
I have tried sending a standard transfer five times and it hasn't gone through. What is the problem?
I transfered my balance a while back.  Why doesn't my account reflect this?
How do I unblock my card?
My daughter needs to open account.
My transfer failed
left my phone at hotel, cant use app
Why is  my balance not updated?
Are there virtual cards
I have been charged a fee for paying with card
Can I change my PIN at a nearby ATM when in Spain? I think someone saw my PIN and I need to change it but am on vacation.
I suspect someone used my card.
What do I do to close my account?
Why is your exchange rate so bad?
There is a fraudulent payment!
My transfer still says pending
I won't be pleased unless I get a Mastercard.
I need to change a transfer.
What do I use to verify my identity?
How did you arrive at the rate of exchange? I thought that I would get more cash.
Is there a way to track my card?
I used my card the other day to get cash from an ATM and was charged an extra fee. I don't understand why I am being charged a fee all of a sudden. I thought it was free to withdraw from an ATM?
I'm panicking!  I lost my card!  Help!
My package is taking too long to arrive and I don't want it anymore. Can I get a refund?
Where can I get your exchange rates from?
My top up is not working
My account shows I made a debit payment to someone that I can't recall and would like to find out who the payment was made to.
i'm not satisfied with the services and no longer want to be a customer
Why is there an extra charge on my statement.
I topped up my account but the money isn't there now.
Can I top-up automatically?
I'm at the ATM right now and it only allowed me to withdraw 10 pounds instead of my requested 30. What's going on? How can I fix this?
I need clarity on why my card is not working.
I live in the US but want to get a card
Can I make many disposable cards per day?
I'd like to delete my account.
I was checking the app for my account and I noticed there is an authorized charge on it.  I haven't used my card today, so I know I didn't do it.  I would like the transaction reversed and the money replaced.
What do I do to unblock my PIN?
How long will delivery to the US take?
Why did you charge me extra when I withdrew cash?
Did you deactivate my card it's not working anymore
Fees for currency exchange
I have one other credit card from the US. Do you take it?
Can I transfer money to my card via bank-transfer?
I would like to exchange currencies on the app. How do I do this?
My daughter need a card from this account. Is that possible?
Can this convert money?
One of my charges was declined, but the second one went through.  But I notice on my App that one of them has gone through, and the other one is still pending.  Please ensure that only one charge is processed. Thanks
Why did I only get $20 now the full amount I wanted?
Help! When will the card arrive at my home?
Where is my PIN number located?
Transferring money using credit card
Is this card accepted by ATMs?
price of physical card
Which credit or debit cards can I use to top up?
Can the card was sen to me be tracked?
How long will a transfer from Europe take?
Does Apple Watch support the topping-off of my account?
Why was there a fee with my cash withdrawal?
How do I start an exchange between GBP and AUD?
I desperately need to top-up my card, so why is it being declined? Can you solve this for me? I need to use my card immediately!
Can I activate my card with the app?
It's been a week since you sent my card and I still don't have it.
My account says I have money but I withdrew it in cash.
I am reluctant to use ATMs international because I don't get an accurate exchange rate
I can't add any more money.
my pin hasn't arrived in the post! How do I cancel it or get a new one?
I want to close my account
I tried to transfer money but it said it wasn't possible? I've done this before and it worked why isn't it working now?
What are the charges for recieving SEPA transfers?
What exchange rate do you use?
I have never been charged a fee for cash withdrawal before. When did that change?
I'm going to travel, can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
My card is being declined for a purchase. I bought items before and the card worked. Do you know what the problem is?
My money I added isn't on my card.
How long do top-ups take to go through
A Bank ATM did not give my card back. What do I do now?
I can't pull my card out of the ATM. Help me.
ATM is broken. It did not give me the full amount (30 pounds.)  I'm standing here with only 10 pounds and it's telling me it gave me 30 pounds. I need assistance now!
What ATMs can I use my card at?
How many physical cards am I allowed to have?
How do I use the app if I don't have my phone with me?
What all am I required to show for the identity check?
The rate of exchange for my card payment is incorrect
My card payment has not been withdrawn from my account
Why was I charged twice for my item!
My account transfer was blocked.
Is there anywhere I can't use my card?
Please check and let me know why my transfers are getting declined.
My cash deposit isn't in my account. What happened?
Can i get a throw away card
Is there a way to order a new card while in China?
I'm not certain my top-up went through yet.
Has there been any activity on my card today?
There was an extra fee when I paid with the card.
I couldn't make a transfer because it was declined
Hi, Last week I have contacted the seller for a refund as directed by you, but i have not received the money yet. Please look into this issue with seller and help me in getting the refund.
Is it possible to get a Visa here?
For what reason did my top-up get cancelled?
How can I lookup the source for my available money?
Can I link your physical card
Can you tell me the names of the fiat currencies that I can use at your institution?
Where do I find my PIN for my new card?
I don't think that my top-up worked.
Why is there a random payment in my statement?
I believe my exchange rate is incorrect
why does the app show a direct debit payment that I did not authorize
I just checked my account on the App and there is a payment on there that I did not make.
I am sick of this damn company and want to close out my account.
I tried updating my balance by cheque yesterday but it doesn't seem to be working. Shouldn't that be faster? Please check my account something has gone wrong there.
I can't get my virtual card to work at all
Is there a limit on auto top-up?
Why do you need to verify my identity?
Can I track the card that you sent me in the mail?
Can I have a Visa card?
Where do I have access to a virtual card?
I would like to retract my purchase.
What do I do if my top-up has not gone through?
Why are my payments showing pending?
Is my child too young to sign up?
Can I still use my account without verifying my identity?
Am I supposed to verify my identity?
A couple weeks ago some money was deducted from my account by some seller that I don't remember. I'm pretty sure I didn't do that, but is it possible to trace back who that is just to make sure?
Why is my card payment pending?
where can I see who sent me funds
What should I do if I see a payment I didn't make?
why was i charged a fee to transfer
I accidentally chose to exchange GBP, but I need to pick AUD. How can I change it?
I need my card to be activated right now.
There is a pending payment on my account, what does this mean?
Can I have a auto top-up when my account is short?
What are your international exchange rates?
I used the wrong ping too many times and now the account is blocked.  How do I unblock?
I am waiting on the refund
Why isn't the transfer I made to a friend showing?
I'm due a refund and it is not on my statement.
Which cash machines will allow me to change my PIN?
I made a deposit but it is not showing up in my balance.
Can I request a physical card?
I just topped up, and the app denied it.
How do I receive a card?
I deposited cash this morning, but it is not yet available.
How many top-ups am I allowed to do?
I'd like to have it delivered on Saturday.  Is that possible?
Can I make a contactless payments?
Someone stole my cards!
I believe my card has been stolen, what can I do about this situation? It's urgent.
Why would the ATM machine fail to give me the cash withdrawal I requested?
When does a UK transfer show up?
Can you tell me the limits for top ups?
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards that I need to be aware of?
I sent money about 5 days ago and the recipient has not received the money yet.
What is the source of my available funds?
where to funds come from
I have a payment that has not gone through yet
Where is my deposit?
Why doesn't the person I sent money to see that transfer yet?
Do I have to top up in euros if I use a card, or can I use a different currency?
Help me with my contactless which isn't working.
While on vacation I used an ATM to get cash and was overcharged. These charges are ridiculous and had I known about them I would have never used it.
WHAT CAN I DO AFTER THE CARD MISSING
Everything was stolen from me.  I can't use the app.  Please advise.
I withdrew cash but it still shows as pending?
how to get new card?
When my card expires what happens to my account?
Why isn't my balance updating?  I did a bank transfer and it isn't current.
Can I use my Apple Watch to pay for gas?
You can activate your card in a few seconds by going to account, hitting activate, and just following the directions.
It doesn't let me verify my identity.
I've been unable to pay contactless with my card for over a week now. Is there a way to fix this issue?
There was a canceled payment for my card.
Why is my last cheque deposit taking so long?
Can I unblock my pin using the app?
Can I get a new pin number at any ATM using my card?
I did a money transaction and dont have a receipt
Is there somewhere I can send a check to add to my account?
There is a fee for a transfer, please explain that to me.
How can I check the exchange rate applied to my transaction?
I need a refund. This is not what i wanted.
I would like to get a physical card, but I don't know how. Can you help me?
I think there's a purchase at a store that I didn't go to.
Help me with a PIN change.
The exchange rate that was applied for an international purchase was wrong.
I think my card payment has been reverted
Someone has taken my phone from my hotel room!
Is the ATM broken? I can't get cash from it.
Why was I charged a fee for a transfer?
Do I need my phone to use the app?
What is the wait time until money reaches my account?
I tried to send someone money but they haven't received it.
I'm using the app and I noticed a payment that I didn't make.
I would like to link my card. How do I do it?
Why do you need so much information about me
My card payment has had the status of pending forever. What is the issue? It should have gone through at some point.
I want to transfer money to a beneficiary, but I couldn't.
How many disposable virtual cards can you have?
My payment didn't work and the money is in back in my account.
How do I update my PIN to a new number?
What cards and currencies will suffice?
Will my employer be able to pay me with this service
HOW LONG THE CARD VALIDITY
I made a payment and it appears it is showing twice
I would like to reactivate a card and wondered if that could be done?
I made the incorrect payment for my rent yesterday and this needs to be fixed by no later than tomorrow. How can you help?
I made a transfer recently but it has not changed on my dashboard.
Still waiting for transfer to be completed.
What is the youngest someone can be to open an account?
Somebody is taking money out of my account without my approval in another town separate from me. Please place a freeze on my account until I can make it to the bank.
Is there a limit on making disposable cards?
How often can I top up my account?
Why are you asking so many questions about me?
I want to change my PIN - do I need to be in a bank?
I noticed my transfer was declined.
I need to know the cost and when I will receive a new card to replace an old one.
Please help me in this, as i was unable to make any payment by my new card,  it was getting declined repeatedly. I am not very happy with this incident.
Why would I be charged a fee for card payment?
I can't upload my identification.
My account shows the card payment cancelled.
Is the top up feature available on the Apple Watch?
Cash withdrawal has been pending, why is it so?
I am not satisfied with your company and would like to delete my accounts!
Why can't I add any beneficiary I choose?
My wallet was stolen and all my credit cards were in there.  HELP?!!?
I haven't used my card all day but there is a payment showing in the app. Please cancel it!
Is there anything I need to do since my phone was stolen?
I think my transfer failed. What do I do now?
I am having trouble withdrawing cash.
Is there a minimum age for having an account?
what is the status of my refund
What do I do to lock my phone after losing it so my account isn't accessed
I'd like more info on getting a virtual card.
How long can an EU transfer take?
I need to know where my funds come from.
What's taking so long for this payment to go through?
Please provide me with the restrictions of the disposable cards.
I asked for $100 cash but only got $20?
Why was my account charged for using an ATM?
need to verify source of funds
Why are the payments being declined on my new card?  I tried several times to use my new card to pay for my gas at the Shell station in my neighborhood.  I am very distressed about my new card not working.
How do I know if my top-up went through?
I made a withdrawal from my account but it has not posted?
My top up isnt working
I would like to purchase another card.
Why doesn't it show that I did a balance transfer?
Where do I go to activate my card?
I don't know what to do. Should I transfer funds. My account is out of money.
What caused my transfer to fail?
How do I verify my top up?
My exchange rate is wrong when I get cash.
Is there a way to obtain a virtual card?
Soon my card will expire, how do I get a new one?
I need assistance completing a transfer. I'm trying to purchase a flat and need the money for the initial mortgage payment. I keep getting an error and the transfer is not going through. What is going on here?
Need help with a stolen card.
Why did I get less money than I asked for?
Why did the transfer fail when I attempted to do it earlier?
If my funds are running low, will the app top up automatically?
It says pending status for my payment. Why?
I thought you guys offered free transfers. Why was I charged?
I needed $100 but all it gave me was $20.
Why is my cash still pending that I put in ATM?
The machine didn't work earlier when I went to get money out and now my account says transaction in progress.Why?
Why was I charged extra on my app?
want to get a new card in china
What is the status of my card's delivery?
The app says my transfer failed
My card hasn't shown up yet.
I have a transaction that shows several times
cash from this morning has not deposited
I tried to top up. Why was it denied?
My money has disappeared. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's gone. What is happening?
Please check payments on my card. There is a duplicate and I only bought it once.
I've been waiting longer than expected for my card.
why can't my beneficiary make transactions?
I noticed the currency exchange rate was incorrect after paying for something in a foreign country.
Will I have to pay extra to exchange money?
can I have multiple currencies?
My card is almost expired.  How fast will I get a new one and what is the cost?
I need to withdraw money. Where can I do that?
Where do I need to go to change my PIN?
i have tried everything to complete a transfer but can't, what should i do next
What do you require for identity verification?
Are you able to unblock my pin?
Why was I charged a fee for debit or credit card payment?
How do my friends top up my account
Please help me find my top-up verification code
I need to transfer money into this account from my other bank account.
How do I order a new card when my old one is ready to expire?
What happened to my top-up?
How long do I have to wait for a US transfer?
What is this fee debit on my account?
There was a fee charged when I paid with my card.
Does the package with my card have tracking?
I just moved. How do I give you my new address?
What places will accept my card?
When I made a cash transfer abroad the wrong exchange rate was applied
My payment came back for something i'm trying to buy online? it's been doing it for two weeks.  do you know what the issue is?
Can you explain the disposable cards to me?
Hello, I have recently made a purchase and have decided to cancel my purchase. Is there any way that you can cancel that transaction for me so I can get the money back? It's very important.
I made a payment with my card and it hasn't changed. How long do you think this will take?
Somebody made a withdrawal from my account for 500. I have my card so how can this be? Does somebody have a duplicate card or something? Help please.
Do I need to re-apply to order a new card when my old one's about to expire?
How can I get my card back out?
I've been trying to make a transfer and it hasn't gone through. Now I am receiving an error message.  What is the problem?
How do I show this stupid system that this is really my identity?
Does transferring money have a fee?
Why is my cash withdrawal pending?
The amount of exchange was not correct for the item i bought.
Am I able to have a card sent to China?
Why isn't my PIN available yet?
How are exchange rates calculated?
How are foreign exchange rates determined?
There are a couple payments with my card shown that I'm not responsible for. What is going on? Maybe someone has access to my account.
What happens if the ATM doesn't give the right amount of money?
Please help me with the activation of the new card.
What was I charged a fee for card payment?
What would be a reason my transfer got declined?
Where is the transfer that I did?
How are top-ups verified?
Where do I locate topping up with cash.
Is exchanging currencies a feature of the app?
I want information about the source of funds.
An overseas cash transfer did not work correctly
I have kids and I'm curious at what age could they start to use your service.
After I attempted a transfer, it failed.
What fees are charged for a physical card?
Does every place of business accept this card?
My refund is still pending
Why was my transaction not approved?
I accidentally blocked my PIN. How do I reset it?
When are cards delivered?
In the app I see a direct debit that I don't recognize.
I made a transfer and the person I transferred the money to didn't receive the right amount? Why did this happen and how do I get the rest of the money to them?
There is a debit transaction on my statement that I did not make
I want to return an item for a refund can I do that?
Can I do a bank transfer to put additional money in my account because I am out of money?
Where can I withdrawal my money?
Why  am I being told this  transfer will not  go thru
I'm tired of all the problems I've had. I want to quit this account!
What do I have to do to get a Visa credit card?
are transfers to a beneficiary possible
The atm didn't give me all my cash
I need a refund for something I bought.
Why was I charged an extra pound?
I'm looking for a machine of yours that will provide me cash from my home country. I went on holiday and don't have any cash on me. Will your machine charge me extra to do this?
I didn't mean to do the transfer, is there any way to cancel it?
Any chance of getting the card outside the UK?
Hi. I'm a new customer to your system and I think something isn't working right - or maybe it is. Maybe you can confirm. I tried to top up today (my first time ever) and it's been stuck at "pending" for over an hour now. Is it supposed to do this or is there something wrong in the system?
I no longer have my phone.
Can you tell me what the exchange fee is?
Which establishments will accept my card?
How do I know if I will get my card, or if it is lost?
My refund has not shown up in my account.   Where is it?
Why am I getting a fee on a card payment?
I lost my phone.  What do I do to block someone else from using my account?
There is a debit paymet that I don't recognize.
I notice there's a pending payment on my card.
I'll send a check to top up my account
What should I do?  My card has been stolen!
I already have an account. Why can't I use it unless my identity is verified?
I still haven't received my card in the mail
Whats the limit on my top up
I'm still waiting for delivery of my new card, why is it taking so long?
Why doesn't my card work for any transactions?
I tried using my credit card with top up but it didn't work! I thought it was supposed to?
I'd like to get another card
I received the wrong color and size, can I return it?
I need to change my name what do I do?
No refund showing in my statement.
A cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize is shown on my account - can you please cancel my card as soon as possible?
Are there any top-up limits?
Please explain why my transfer attempt was declined. Thank you.
I was told that withdrawing cash from the ATM is free, but I'm charged a fee. Why is this?
How do I troubleshoot Google pay top up?
Would I be able to open an account for my daughter?
My money transfer has not yet occurred
What do I have to do to get my virtual card?
What should I do to verify my identity?
I'd like to cancel a transfer
Is it possible to top up with cash? If so how do I do it?
Do you accept cheques for top-up?
Can I call to get my card activated?
Why is this payment on my app
When I add money to my international card do you charge a fee to do so?
I think I am having an issue with withdraws on my card. It was declined on the way to work this morning. This hasn't happened in the past.
I wanted to use my contactless at the metro today but it didn't accept it!
How can I get another card?
im so mad right now. theres several charges that I think my x boyfriend made on my card. the companys on the website wouldn't refund me my money, they told me to contact my bank. DO something please.
Where do I go to cancel a transaction?
Can I track my card while it is in the process of delivery?
I can't figure out how to unblock my pin number. Can you help me?
Do I need to verify the top-up?
Do I have a Visa card as an option?
The see the rate applied to my transaction was wrong at the atm.
My identity can't be verified.
For some reason my card payment didn't work
Some cash is showing up in my app that I did not get.
I don't think the transaction has gone through, so can I cancel a transfer?
My Google pay top up isn't working.
In receiving cash, the wrong exchange rate was used for my transaction.
I withdrew money from an ATM today, and now my account is showing a different amount than what I withdrew. I checked the amount the ATM gave me, and it looks like it gave me the wrong amount of money. What is the best thin for me to do to get this fixed?
How do I report a cash withdrawal that wasn't me?
Can my 19 year old daughter open a savings account at the bank?
Why are my transfers and purchases keep getting declined?
Does Google Pay offer a top up option?
Which credit card top-ups do you accept?
I tried to make a withdrawal from the ATM, but it was cancelled.
I noticed a new fee on my account. I didn't know there were fees for these payments. What is the policy?
Is there a way to transfer funds directly from my card?
I tried to make a transfer, but it was declined. Can you tell me why?
How are the exchange rates for transfers calculated?
How are the exchange rates determined?
I need to do a refund
How does on apply fora refund on an item he ordered? I ordere an item and have not received it yet so i want to cancel it and get a refund
How do I freeze my card? I think someone is using it to make a bunch of online transactions.
I transferred some money but the receiver can't pick it up for some reason.
I couldnt get cash in an ATM
My top-up seems to be pending for a long time?
Do you have any limit on the auto top-up?
Can you explain why my payment is still pending?
There is a direct debit payment that I did not make.
Which currencies will you exchange?
What happens after my card expires?
Is there a way to see my money's source?
need my details changed
I left my phone at the hotel I was staying at so I can't use the app!
I need to urgently transfer something from China. How long will it approximately take?
What are the uses for disposable cards?
Is there a cash withdrawal fee? Because I just got charged?
The exchange rate you are using is really bad.This can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
I tried using a foreign currency at an ATM, but the ATM provided me an incorrect rate. Why is that?
Can you tell me why my card payment was cancelled?
Is my card activated?
Says that my top-up is incomplete?
Where is the PIN number found?
I've tried completing a very standard transfer and have already attempted it 5 times. What's going on here? Is there a problem with your system?
I mistook my pin and now I am locked.  Can you unlock me?
Why am I unable to transfer money when I was able to before?
Where can I find the card PIN?
I think I want AUD and not GBP, can you help?
How can I get paid in a different currency?
I have been charged way to much so something is apparently wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble into UK pounds.
Why did I have to pay extra because I paid with my card?
Why on earth do you need so much personal id info from me?
How long will it take the money to appear in my account?
Are you able to guide me to my card's location?
Can I use my social security card as a form of identity?
Supported countries
Why does my top up say still pending when I used my card to do it.
Can I use my new card?
How do I dispute a debit that I didn't make?
This past holiday I made a withdraw at the ATM machine, and it seems I've been charged too much.
How long is the delivery time to the US?
Why does the top-up need verification?
I did a money transfer to my account and it is not showing there.
I can't see my cash deposit in my account.
i put money on my card and i dont see it on the balance
What is the process of card activation?
I can't see my Google Pay top up. Is it not working correctly?
How can get a Visa card?
My credit card seems to have been declined for top up. Why is it not going through? Can you tell me what's going on?
Does it cost anything to top up?
I withdraw money abroad but I didn't get the right amount.
There are some payments with my card that I don't know where they are coming from. Just checked today and it's been since a couple days as well! What to I do? Can I revert this retrospectively? My card needs to be frozen immediately as well!
Why isn't my topup working?
For some reason I am unable to preform a transfer to a beneficiary.
Why did I not get the amount of money I requested?
My card is about to expire. What do I need to do to keep using my card?
My top-up funds aren't available yet.
I need assistance addressing a direct debit that I did not do myself.
On my transfer there was a "decline" message
Why didn't my transfer work?
I keep checking my statements but no progress.I requested a refund but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
This card is accepted by what businesses?
Why does the same transaction appear multiple times?
Why can't I get my virtual card to work?
Why was I chaged twice for the same thing?
I'm expecting a refund but it's no where to be seen
I made a cash withdrawal and it is still listed as a pending transaction.
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's broken?
Do you have any accounts for children ?
There's a Direct Debit payment in my account that I didn't make
Hello- It is urgent I get a refund on this product. The merchant has not been helpful, what can I do now to get this resolved ASAP?
Why has another fee been placed on my statement?
How long does my top up pending last?
My phone was stolen, help!
Can my account me accessed by a thief?  I was mugged.
I was supposed to get a refund but it is not showing up on my card
Why are my payments not working and show pending?
Exchange rate on a purchase was incorrect
How can I fix this? The ATM gave me more cash than I'd asked for.
Could you inform me as to why I have been charged a higher fee for doing banking abroad.
I am confused why there is cash I did not accept in my account
A WD was just made on my account, but it was not me and I still have my card.  What to do?
I have used my account abroad for a while without any fees, why am I being charged additional fees all of a sudden?
I made a payment but the app cancelled it.
I think there has been a mistake with my transfer
When will my payment go through?
I have one of your cards already, how do I link it?
My PIN is blocked, what do I do?
Why does my money come from?
I do not recognise the card payment.
Please double check my card - withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning on the way to work it suddenly got declined!
Why can I not take out cash?
Hello, is there any way to double check my card? I have never had issues with withdraws in the past, but this morning on the way to work it was unexpectedly declined.
I need information explaining why my top-up failed to go through
Tell me about the limit for top ups.
It shows that the transfer on my account wasn't allowed.
How long is it going to take for my funds to show in my account?
What steps do I need to do to delete my account?
I was charged for getting cash.
If there isn't a lot of money left, will it automatically top-up money?
Can you tell me if there are limits to disposable virtual cards?
What was the $1 charge for on my statement?
I have tried 5 times at this point to complete a transfer that's simply standard. What appears to be the problem? Is your system messed up?
How is an exchange rate calculated?
May monthly payment to Apple has been declined but I don't know why, they are going to re-try the payment and it must go through, can you tell me what is going on please?
Tell me how I can exchange between different currency.
My card will expire soon, do I need to order a new one?
Does this card work everywhere?
What are the limits to where my card will be accepted?
What do I do if an ATM "stole" my card?
I think there's been an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account.
I need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
How do I turn on my new card?
I've just been married and need to update my name
I received a returned payment that I made.
What do I do if I have been charged twice?
top-up is slow to process
I have yet to receive the cash I added to my account this morning.
I was supposed to receive my new card by now, but it hasn't came in.
I must have entered my PIN wrong.
How can I update my details since I moved?
Please tell me how I verify my identity.
What factors effect the exchange rate?
When I bought something abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
I got charged a fee that shouldn't be there from my cash
I'm not sure why the card payment didn't work.
My card needs to be activated asap
I want to withdraw money, where can I go?
I used an ATM in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
The cheque I sent to you to have deposited a couple days ago has not cleared in my account yet. What is the issue?
use my credit to add money
how much can i top up?
Why hasn't my refund been appiled to my account?
How do I check to see why my card payment was declined?
Why wasn't my bank balance updated?
How do I know where my funds come from?
I can't get a contactless payment to work.
I am confused as to why my transfer could still be pending.
I'd like like to know where I can order a virtual card?
Why are my withdrawals suddenly being declined?
Please, tell me why I can't have the funds I deposited a week ago? I need the money now.
How can I receive money from someone?
what is this extra charge with my purchase?
I purchased something in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong
When can I expect my card to be delivered to the US?
What is the source of my money?
Why was I charged a higher exchange rate when I bought something abroad?
Why does my card continually get declined? I thought I had enough money in there but I've tried several times now and it still isn't working.
beneficiary transfer problems?
I checked the exchange rate when I withdrew cash. But the actual rate that you applied was different.
The ATM wouldn't let me withdraw cash.
Can you explain your exchange rate policy to me?
The exchange rate was messed up from the ATM
How much will I be charged for a cross-currency exchange?
Is there a top-up fee if you add money in USD?
I bought something that I need a refund for.
What is limit of disposable cards  I can make per day?
im not paying this transfer fee
My refund is missing
Why doesn't the card payment work
I want to start using my card, how do I activate it?
I'm trying to figure out the current exchange rate.
Was my card payment reverted?
How do I reset a forgotten passcode, please?
My PIN is not working, can you help?
virtual card is not working for me
I'm still waiting for my top-up to go through
For the identity verification, what do you need?
An ATM machine didn't return my card.
I would like to re-activate my card, it was previously reported  lost but I found it this morning.
I need to transfer something ASAP from China, how long will it take to post to my account?
I noticed a duplicate charge on my statement.
I was unable to transfer money to a beneficiary.
How many disposable  cards are available per account?
I would like to track the card you sent to me.
Why would I need a disposable card?
Is something wrong with my account, my balance didn't change after I transferred some money
I need another card
I would like to receive and use the card in Europe, is that possible?
Does the app allowing exchanges between USD and GBP
How much money can i top up?
Is top-up possible with Apple Pay?
Why can't my transfer complete?
I cannot see a refund in my account
Hi, I lost my phone yesterday, what can I do to stop someone using my account on it?
Please list the countries you support.
My withdrawl is still pending.  Why?
Please assist me in activating the card.
Why is it taking so long for my money to appear in my account? I have been waiting a week!
My top-up was cancelled; will I receive a refund?
Someone might have had access to my card.
I think there is a mistake.  I am being charged twice.
is the a reason why my transfer has failed?
I need someone to find out where my money has gone to? It has disappeared. I completed a top up earlier and seen it had went through. Since it has now disappeared I need to know what's going on.
I thought I was going to receive more currency?
How long do transfers need to come through? I sent some money to a friend, she needs it urgently, but seems it's still not there yet after a couple hours.
Can someone else use my account if they have my phone?  I lost mine.
I don't know why the deposit I made a week ago still hasn't showed up, I really need the money now.
What fees are charged when I top up
There has been a red flag on my top up.
What information am I going to have to have in order to do a transfer with my card?
More fees, this time for withdrawing my own cash. Why are you robbing me?
What is the code I need to get into the app?
The app says that I got cash in an ATM and I didn't
What do I need to do to change my PIN?
where in the app can i find out about my new pin
I don't know my password
when will my transfer arrive
How do I set a new pin?
What kind of money can I hold?
Approximately how long will an urgent transfer from China take?
My PIN was entered wrong and now I am blocked.  Please unblock.
Is it possible to get one the your cards in the EU?
My top up is still pending
Hi, I was just checking over my card transactions and notice I was charged twice for a restaurant visit this week. Can you please remove one of these false charges from my account?
I still don't have a refund.
How many disposable cards can I make in a single day?
Is my country supported
How do you do exchanges?
How does tranferring money into my account work?
how long dies it take for transfers to reflect on my balance
Can I add money with Apple Pay?
Can I convert money into different currencies?
on my statement there is a payment that I don't recognise
How do I get refunded?
My credit card got declined for top up! What's going on? Can you check on why it didn't go through?
I noticed that the exchange rate applied to a recent purchase I made abroad was incorrect.
How do i cancel a charge?
I see a direct debit payment on my app that I did not do
Is there any fees for top ups?
Why hasn't the transaction I did arrive yet?
The new card that was just sent to me was declined multiple times yesterday when I tried to use it at a restaurant to pay for my dinner.  I am really disappointed  and embarrassed that my card was denied when I tried to use it to pay for my friend's birthday dinner.
My card doesn't seem to work anymore
I can still see money in my account after making a payment
Why did my top-up fail?
I have no idea why but my transfers keep getting declined. I have double checked all the recipient details several times already and they're definitely correct.
Why would a transfer to an account not be allowed?
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer now. There isn't an option from the app.
What fiat currencies are used with holdings and exchanges?
Can you please check why I am having this extra fee on my statement.
Where is the closest Mastercard ATM?
I think that the card is stolen.  What are my next steps?
At what cash machines can I change my PIN?
How long does it take for a top up to go through
How do I add an existing card to the app?
Can I get a card even though I live in the US
Is there a fee for topping off a US card?
How do I reverse a transaction on my account?
What are my options for topping up, automatic and/or manual?
Is there a way to revert a transaction?
How much are the fees for adding funds using an international card?
There is a cash withdrawal transaction that I am unsure of.
I can't use my virtual disposable card
I did a payment but the app reverted it
How many currencies can I have?
The app wouldn't accept my top up.
How do I cancel a recent transfer?
Why i'm I being charged an extra pound
How much is it to buy another card? I was hoping to buy another one.
I'd rather get a Mastercard
I am unhappy with my purchase, how do I cancel the order?
How much does it cost to make transfers?
Help me create several temp cards every day.
What fiat currencies do you allow exchange with?
Is there a reason my payment is still pending?
It appears my top-up is still pending.
I was recently charged for withdrawing money from my bank ATM. How can that be possible when I haven't been charged for using it before?
There are some strange charges on my card that I didn't make from a few days ago.  Is my card stolen and if so should I cancel it?  Will I get refunded the charges?
What is the meaning of a pending payment?
Which fiat currencies are supported?
How does a US resident go about acquiring a new card?
It has been a couple of hours but I do not see my balance updated, can you help?
What is the current exchange fee?
why was i chargged
How can I fix a problem where contactless isn't working?
I just got my new card but am not sure how to check its PIN.
Is it possible for friends to top up my account?
This Direct Debit payment may not be right.
Can I use as many top-ups as I want?
How much can I withdrawal in one month without incurring fees?
Why did I get charged one pound seemingly randomly?
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards per day?
I lost my phone! Will my card still work?
I'm trying to make a bank transfer but It's not going through. Could there not be enough funds to transfer or something? Have I done it too many times?
I tried to get money out of an ATM in Notting Hill earlier, but it didn't work. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
Help me reset the passcode.
If I make a transaction can I cancel it?
I got a cheque that I want to top up with?
I purchased something and already received it, why hasn't the money taken out?
Can you help me get a disposable virtual card?
What types of cards and money do you accept?
Is there a fee that comes with transfers?
What is going on? My balance still hasn't updated and it has been two weeks since I deposited my money!
When should I expect to see my transfer hit my account?
Can I receive my salary in a currency other than what it is deposited in?
After making a transfer from a UK account it's not showing up. How long do these transfers normally take for you? I want to be certain everything is all right.
How do I top-up using cash?
Are there any restrictions causing my transfer to be declined?
Where is the virtual card?
I'm trying to use my Apple Watch to top up my google pay. Do I need a special app?
I tried to do a transfer but I got a message that it was declined.
I need it delivered on a certain date.
I tried to withdraw cash at an ATM in the city center but my card was declined. The transaction is still showing up as pending - please cancel it!
Are there limits as to where my card will be accepted?
I have a confusing payment appear on my statement and I don't recognise it!
What are the rules for a top-up?
I used my card to top up, but the money is not there!
Why is there a payment I didn't do in my app?
You have declined my  payment.
Is there restrictions on where I can use my card?
My card wasn't working in a shop
I want to do a cash top-up
There is a pending transaction on my account, what does this mean?
HI,Accordingly you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be working? Money just disappeared from my account.What should be done now?
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiary
Apple pay is not accepting my American Express card, can you assist me with this problem?
I topped-up my account, but I don't think it went through.
Even though I made a cash deposit, I am not seeing it in my account.
Will my transfer immediately show up in my account?
It seems I was overcharged when I used an ATM while on vacation. If I knew about your fees in advance I sure would have gone somewhere else.
I think someone else is using my card.  There are transactions I didn't make.
Why do you require so many identity details?
I put money into my account in the form of a cheque, but my balance did not change.
What countries do you do business in?
I can't get my actual card to work
I can't top up my account using my American Express with Apple Pay.
I think my top up is still pending?
How do you Top Up on the apple watch?
How can I close my account?
I think my card is broken
Verify top-up card help?
What about a auto top-up?
I cannot remember my passcode.
Is there a limit to my top-up?
Is it possible to top up with Apple Pay?
I can't find my card and think it may have been stolen.
Why am I being charged again?
Someone has a copy of my card !! I definitely still have it here but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal, HELP!
Can I order a new card?  Mine is about to expire.
I may need to dispute a Direct Debit payment.
Can I open an account for a child?
Why is my payment pending?
There is a 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What is that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
A couple weeks ago there was a debit taken from my account from a transaction I don't recall. Is it possible to trace this transaction to make sure I'm not being scammed?
Why am I being a charged for using my card?
How can I check the source for my funds?
What is the charge to make a transfer
My card was eaten by the cash machine what do I do?
What do I do about my expired card?
I sent a cheque to you a few days ago and the deposit has yet to appear in my account. I need this money, what is the problem?
How is my PIN sent?
How do I activate and link my new card?
Can I get my card fast tracked?
I want to use cash to top up.
The balance on my account wasn't updated after I made a depost.
I notice that I have a card payment that's been cancelled.
Hi, is everything in good standing with my card? I am receiving multiple "decline" messages.
How can I solve my issue with holding multiple currencies?
I thought I would have received my new card at this point.
Why is there an uknown charge showing on my account?
I did a payment but it was reverted by the app
I transferred money but the recipient does not see the funds in their account?
THere is some cash that is showing up on my app.
I was double charged at a restaurant can you take the second charge off?
What do I do if I forgot my passcode?
If I am running low on credit can I auto top up?
withdrawal pending meaning?
I froze my account, but how do I order a replacement card?
Is there such thing as top up by cheque?
Why haven't I received my new card yet?
I want to know why I have been unable to withdrawn funds.
Could you please tell me your exchange rates?
What stipulations do disposable cards entail?
I've tried several times to make a payment and every time my card is declined? Could my card be locked? I don't know what to do.
is a transfer to a beneficiary allowed?
I need to know how much it costs to transfer funds.
Hi, I tried to top up my card today and it did not work. I have tried it in the past and it worked just fine but it won't do it anymore. Can you help me out?
Why does the ATM continually decline my card? I've tried multiple times on different machines with the same results. I thought I had enough funds for this, so please help me understand why this is happening.
Am I able to top up with Apple Pay?
How much are the rates of exchange?
My automatic top-up was unsuccessful
Why am I seeing a direct debit thats not mine?
I believe my card payment were reverted
Card payment declined?
has my top-up has been cancelled
When I exchanged currencies the value of my money changed.
My recent transfer needs to be cancelled immediately; it was a mistake, please can you cancel it before it goes through?
How do I get selected for a visa card?
are you sending me my card?
Are there restrictions for my disposable card since it does not seem to be working?
How long does it take for a transfer to post
I have to verify my source of funds.
Why are fees charged on cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. There's a fee that wasn't there before.
What is the process for activating my card and using it?
How do I get Top Up to work in Apple Pay?
What are your policies for card transfers?
I have tried a couple of times to make a purchase and my card keeps getting declined. Why do you keep denying my transfers? I have already tried a couple of times and it's not working.
How do I link a new card?
why is my top up failing
I think my card is broken or something. I tried using it and it wouldn't go through, please help.
Why am I being asked to have an identity check
I have a cryptocurrency exchange that won't go through. Please help me process it.
I attempted to top up my car today, it failed! I just got it a couple of days before and it worked then. What is going on with it?
I think my card is broke it's not working anymore
How do I retrieve my card from the machine?
There are transactions that I don't recognize. What do I do if I think someone is using my card?
My top-up is taking a while to process!
I was given less cash then I wanted.
I was attempting to top up with my card but the money has vanished!
Can you explain disposable cards?
Why on earth is the exchange rate so bad?   Can I get a rate closer to the actual interbank rate?
What stopped my transfer, from being accepted?
The ATM didnt let me get cash
I exchange currencies a lot.  Can I get a discount?
Can I use this app to exchange currencies?
Am I able to get a refund for a purchase?
The ATM won't let me take out cash
I have an account at another bank, but I want to transfer some of the money to my account here..
How will I know my pin number?
how to activate card?
My last ATM request did not go through due to a declined card. Please cancel the request on my account.
Why did I get charged when getting cash?
Why was I charged extra for transferring money?
My contactless payments don't work.
Can I get a new card in China?
Is there an option to top up with a cheque?
Where is the money I put in the bank?
Can I give my friends access to my account so they can top it up for me?
Is there a reason for my top up to be cancelled?
Where can I find the top-up verification code?
Can you explain your exchange rates basis?
how do i set up my apple pay watch to connect to my account
I want to top up using cash, where can I do that?
I would like to verify my source of funds.
Now that I live in the US how can I get a card?
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but I was denied
top up did not complete
someone stole my money
I am not happy with your service and request that my account be terminated!
I cannot make a transfer to another account.
I bought something with my card and I was charged a fee
My PIN isn't working.
Why did you charge me more for my purchase? It was a foreign currency and you didn't offer market rate
I wasn't allowed to transfer to my account
Exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
I took out a foreign currency and the exchange rate is wrong.
I moved so I need to change my address. How do I do that?
I don't understand why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement.
I'm not sure what to do about the PIN, because I don't have one yet.
Does it cost extra to send out more than one card?
Can I use my card for payment all over the world?
why do i not have a virtual card
I want a reason as to why my beneficiary is not allowed?
Are there any fees when exchanging to foreign currencies?
Can you tell me why I was charged $1 for a transaction?
Why didn't this transfer work?
The bank charged me fees for withdrawing cash!
Please explain why my payment was declined? I thought everything was good.
Hello. Can you help figure out why the recent transfer from my UK bank account isn't showing up?
who should i contact if my refund doesn't go through?
I got less money than I asked for.
what is the exchange rate for foreign ATMs
Can I top up?
I don't want to verify my identity
I want to add money to my international card, so are there any fees charged to do this?
What are the steps in order to activate my new card?
What is the fee for a cash withdrawal?
Is my card accepted anywhere?
My transaction went through but I was charged a fee. Why?
I haven't received my PIN yet. Do I need to get it from you?
I think someone is using my card to make transactions I don't remember.
I need to terminate my account immediately.
Why did my top-up not work?
How long does it take for my physical card to be delivered.
What's wrong with my card? The clerk at the grocery store said it was declined.
The application reverted my top-up.
Could you tell me the fiat currencies that you work with?
I tried to make a transfer, but it didn't work.
Where can I get a second card?
What do I do to activate?
I would like some help getting a refund back from a seller. It still isn't showing up on my statement and I requested this a long time ago. I'm not sure why it's not returned yet. Can you assist me in getting this money back?
I have a problem with a transfer. It didn't work. Can you tell me why?
why hasn't my virtual card arrived?
I was issued a card about a week ago. why hasn't it come in yet?
Is there any documentation needed for the identity check?
I cannot find my refund on my statement.
Where can I find out the fee structure for my account? I have been charged fees for some transactions, but not for other ones. I can't find a pattern in these fees.
Why is it saying my card payment is declined when I made it?
Can I use visa or mastercard with your service
What do you need my identity details for?
Recently, a few weeks ago there was a transaction made on my account by some seller that I don't recognize. I am very certain that didn't happen  and will like for you to trace back to make sure.
Where can I find instructions to change my PIN?
Tell me how to go about activating my new card?
A transaction posted twice to my account.
Can I only top-up digitally? Or could I use cash?
Where are my funds coming from? I need to know.
The ATM didn't give me the the withdraw amount requested.
I withdrew $100 but only received $20
Why did my payment fail?
My ATM got stuck and I'm not sure what to do.
For what reason was my transfer declined?
I found my lost card. Am I still able to use it?
If my card is trapped in the ATM, what do I do?
My identity is unable to be verified.
How do I get my paycheck through this?
I'd prefer to use my American Express when putting funds into my account.
My card payment did not work.
What's the closest place to withdraw money?
I deposited a cheque a week ago but have yet to receive the cash.
A transfer has to be cancelled.
I am seeing inside the App a some cash withdrawal that is not mine
I ordered a virtual card but it hasn't come through yet
Why did I get less from the ATM?
When the time is right will this automatically replenish my balance?
I want to get Visa and Mastercard
How can I the person see my money transaction?
The app isn't letting me log in, but my info is correct.
I am seeing an extra fee on my statement what is that for?
where is this money from
Is there a fee to top up by bank transfers?
How long do transfers take to go though
Contactless payments need to be enabled for my card.
I can't see my refund on my account
Why was my top up cancelled?
Is there any place I cannot use my card?
In what way can I use the disposable cards?
My card isn't letting me purchase something and I wanted to know why.
virtual card won't work for me
Does this app exchange currencies?
I see a reverted payment on my account. Why has this happened?
There is not a refund in my statement.
I am paid by my employer in GBP; do I need to do anything in the app to indicate this?
What are all the fiat currencies that are supported for both exchange and holding?
What age do my kids need to be to use your service?
Can I transfer money to my account with the app?
I get paid in GBP. Should I configure this and if so, where?
I need to verify my identity, but how do I do that?
Could you send me and up date on the arrival of my card?
I cannot make transactions with my virtual card.
I withdrew some cash, when is it going to show?
A strange card payment, I do not recognize it.
i need to expedite my card
Is it possible for me to set up separate accounts for my kids?
Do you support the EU?
My card is stuck inside the ATM.
I'm unsure of a withdrawl in my statement.
How long will it take to refund me
Do I need to set a limit on auto top-up?
Help me access the card I already got so I can information from it.
Why am I being charged for ATM cash withdrawals? The only reason I use it is because it's been free! Now you expect me to pay for them, and how much is that going to cost me?
What are the steps for identity checks?
When will I have access to my pin number?
Why was the price higher when I paid with my card?
How will I know when I can use the auto top-up feature?
What other currencies can I hang onto?
Why is my cash withdrawal still showing as pending?
Am I allowed to get an account for my daughter?
what is the correct exchange rate for getting cash
What is the most I can top-up?
Show me how to link the new card,
Can you tell me how long it takes for a new card to come?
My card is missing!  Help!
I need a refund and cancel a transaction on an item I purchased and i need it as soon as possible, please!
I'm having trouble proving my identity
Please help me, there is a transaction in the incorrect account.
Why have you declined my card payment?
Where did my deposit for my source of funds come from?
ATM still has my card
My bank transfer is still not showing up in my account.
I attemped a transfer and it didn't go through.
How do I make contactless work
How do I go about ordering a card?
How do I get money from an ATM using my card? I can't seem to get it to work? I used the pin I had, but maybe it's wrong? What do I need to do to fix this?
where is the code for verifying the top up card?
It didnt work when I tried to pay contactless at the bus today. Why?
How do I get my card out of the ATM?
I need a disposable virtual card.
Can I stop a transaction?
I lost my phone and need help securing it.
I need to transfer something to China. It is urgent. How many days will it take to get there?
My card hasn't arrived yet. What do I do?
How do I find out how or where this transaction on my account came from?
Machines make mistakes too! The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money. Too much!
I was abroad and needed some cash, but I think the wrong exchange rate was applied to the transaction.
Please list what fiat currencies are supported for both holding and exchanging.
Can I receive payment in another currency?
My topping up didn't go through.
Why isn't my card working anymore?
when will my transfer clear
Could I please cancel my transfer, I paid it into the wrong account. I need to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
Show me how to look at the source of my current funds?
Can I use the system Google Pay for top-ups?
Where can I locate my card PIN?
I've tried my card a bunch of times and it never worked.
why did i get declined transfer
I was trying to top up my account and it isn't working
Give me a refund now!! I am still waiting.
Where can i top my card for free?
I tried topping up but my funds seem to be pending. I want to buy something right now, what do I do?
Where can I check to see where the money in my account came from?
I was trying to use contactless earlier, but it didn't work.
i have been trying to add money with apple pay but it wont work, why?
Which ATMs accept this circuit board ?
Are EUR exchanges acceptable?
Why does it matter that I prove my identity?
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
I want to make a currency exchange to EU.
I've obtained the card, how do I enable it on the app?
Do you have any age limit?
How do I report my card stolen?
I'm confused as to why my top-up did not go through.
I purchased this item and would like a refund
Where do you deliver cards by mail?
Can you tell me the limit for top ups?
I've just made a money transfer to the wrong account, I need to stop the money from being moved as it may be going to someone I don't know.  Please can you help?
An ATM machine didn't give me back my card.
Please help me to know the status of my card payment as its pending since a while.
The expiration date on my card is coming up
Can you please tell me why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
I don't need to transfer anymore and I want to cancel it.
I just did a transfer, but don't see the money in my account. What's up?
I'm not sure why I was charged an extra fee for transferring funds.
Why was the exchange wrong for the item I purchased?
How long does a top-up take to go through?
I am trying to exchange crypto and it's not working. Tell me how to fix this.
I want to get few more physical cards
I asked for a refund last week but nothing has happened yet, can you help me please?
I've never been to that store.  That's a fraudulent charge.
Where can I get my card PIN?
Do you offer disposable virtual cards too?
Tell me how to cancel a transfer.
If I need to transfer something quick from China, how long does that take?
Did a card payment that I made get cancelled?
Why do I need to verify my funds?
My balance was not updated with my checque or cash deposit.
What do I do to exchange currency?
I keep being asked to verify my identity. Is this normal?
I want to top up my account with a cheque
My pin was blocked, how do I make it so I can use it?
I sent money to someone but they haven't gotten it yet
I think you reverted my top up.
I need to reset the passcode.
What is the maximum I can top up?
I want to top up my account. Can I do it with Google Pay?
I happened to forget my password
Why was my account assessed a fee?
Why would I be charged an extra fee while doing a transfer?
How old do I have to be to open an account?
Do you charge for cash withdrawals?  I want to get my hands on my own money and you appear to be charging me for the pleasure! Why is this, you'd never get this with my high street bank!
My ATM card isn't working for a withdrawl
I would like to give another card to my daughter, how can I proceed?
How can I change my PIN even though I'm out of the country in Austria at the moment?
My statement contained a one pound extra fee
Please explain why the transfers shows up as pending?
Is my cash withdrawal pending?
I was charged for using my card?
Is there a top-up limit that I have to stay under during a given period of time?
Tell me what ATMs take this card.
If I started the Bank transfer from Europe, how long will the process take to complete?
If I exchange currencies on a regular basis, is there a discount?
The day before yesterday, I performed a transfer which was within this country. It still hasn't gone through. Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked and double checked.
My cash withdrawal shows pending, why?
How old does one have to be to have an account with the bank?
Where is the cash from my cheque I recently deposited?
do you have a fee for receiving a SEPA transfer?
Are there any limit on the auto top-up?
If I use a European bank card for top up, Do I get charged?
What do you need to verify my identity?
Why was my card declined?
my card payment has been declined, do you know why?
Do I get to choose between Visa and Mastercard?
I have made a recent check and cash deposit that isn't reflected in my balance.
I will need to exchange currencies frequently, will I be able to get a discount?
I want to set up an auto top-up
is my pin the same as my passcode
I couldn't do a transfer to an account
Why is my transaction taking so long to complete?
Someone has stolen my card. Even though I have my card with me, someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Please help as soon as possible.
What is the necessity of verifying the top up?
Why are you keeping my money from me by declining my card? What is going on?
How long until the transfer is reflected on my account balance?
What is this card payment, I do not recognize it.
How many transactions can I make on my disposable card?
I have been double charged
The exchange rate for my cash withdrawal was incorrect
What businesses accept this card?
What kind of currency can I hold money in?
How do I go about transferring money using my credit card?
What do I do if I think someone has used my card?
I want to choose a new PIN.
To add money to my account, what currencies can I use?
Does it cost anything and how long would it take to get a card if I need a new one? My card is about to expire.
why is the exchange rate for a Foreign ATM different
If I add money with an international card, are there any fees?
Do i have to top-up with my credit card before I can transfer?
Some idiot stole my card.
What is the rate for exchange fees?
How do you determine your exchange rates?
I need to make a transfer but it keeps getting declined I need Help!
My card payments have stopped.
Can it add money automatically while travelling
I need to freeze my card. There are charges on there that i did not authorize. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get this money back?
What is the estimated wait time on a US transfer into my account?
I don't recognize a purchase that was made with my card.
Which US cards have top up charges?
Why has my transfer failed?
I haven't received my virtual card yet, do yo know why?
May I order another card?
How do I receive more physical cards
I wanted to buy something online yesterday, but I could not because the card got declined on the day of and the following day. What is wrong with the card?
I'm having a hard time proving my identity.
How can I receive a virtual card?
I can't find my PIN anywhere.
When I got cash, the exchange rate applied was wrong.
How long does a funds transfer take from one back to another?
Can I have a tangible form of my virtual card.
How do I sign up for a card if I'm in America?
How do I activate my new card I just got?
I need to change my address
Can my children have an account?
Send me a physical card
How do I transfer money using a credit card?
This isn't fair! I thought transfers could be made for free. I just made  a purchase online from abroad and now see some strange fee that I've never seen before.
Why is my physical card not working?
If you are waiting for verification, it can take 10 minutes to 60 minutes to get results.You will hear from us once we have it.  Please make sure your images are clear and photos of documents are readable. you have to be at least 18 years old and live withing the Economic Area of Europe or in Switzerland in order to open an account.
Can you please assist me in completing a transfer? I'm trying and I keep getting an error. I'm trying to purchase a flat and pay the initial mortgage payment. All I keep getting is an error. Can you find out what's happening here?
May I have a second card?
I think I got charged twice for the same thing
How do I get my virtual card?
I would like to top up my account automatically. How do I do that?
Can I use SWIFT transfers?
i received my American Express in Apple pay, is there a reason why top up is not working?
i havent got my card
I want a refund because my package has been taking too long to arrive. How do I go about doing that?
Please explain how disposable virtual card work.
I would like to change my card PIN.
think someone is using my card with permission
I purchased something abroad and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
What are all of the different steps for identity checks?
Help me figure out how to link the new card.
passcode retrieval
Can you tell me what this cash withdrawal is?
I was charged a fee for a card payment. Why?
Why is there are there two of the same transaction?
Can I create my own top-up limit?
It is still pending, I am still waiting. Your system just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
Why hasn't my transfer from Europe gone through?
How can I reset the passcode if I need to do that?
Where do I go to fill out the identity form?
I draw out money from your ATM during holidays, and was charged insanely. I wouldn't have done it, if i had a little sense about the shocking charges.
I need to transfer money into my account, and I don't know how to do that.
I think my top up has been reverted
I lost my phone, what should I do?
I need to know why a money transfer is available.
The ATM kept my card?
Do I have to verify my identity?
Help me unblock my PIN.
This transfer incurred a fee that I don't think is right.
Where do I order additional cards?
what steps do i do to get a real card
I need my card as soon as possible.
I did a payment with my card but seem that didn't work, it's still listed as pending since a while ago. When does this actually go through?
Can an American resident apply to get a card?
I was so embarrassed. Why didn't my payment clear?
Can you explain why my payment was charged a fee?
Where is the money I pushed it's on my mobile app as being withdrawn.
Can a transaction be cancelled?
I am using the app, and I see cash withdrawals that I did not authorize.
I want to top up by card
I lost my card n need a new one.
How many transactions can I do with my disposable card?
My card has been compromised. I see a bunch of online shopping charges that I didn't make. I need to freeze it immediately.
I know that I am able to make transfers for free.  That was something that I valued.  After I bought something online from abroad I noticed that I got charged a fee?  What is this and can it be removed?
I've just moved and I need to change my details
Do you use Mastercard or Visa?
Do you have a list of exchange rates?
Are there any hindrances to using a disposable virtual card?
Why is identity verification mandatory?
My ATM withdrawal was declined.
Hi, I would like to file a claim for an inquiry. I am a frequent customer of the company in question and have never had any issue with my purchases, payments, or otherwise. However, the price deducted for an item I purchased a couple of weeks ago has been returned to my checking account. Was there an issue with my payment? The item has already been delivered to me.
How do I track my card?
should i contact customer support if i can't edit details
got married, need to change account name
Does it cost anything to get a new card? Mine's about to expire and I'd also like to know how long it takes to get the new one.
What is the highest limit for Auto Top?
I want a mastercard
My account says a withdrawal is pending - why can't I take cash out of the ATM?
Will you deal with SWIFT transfers?
when will I get my refund?
I am unsuccessfully trying to make a transfer can you help?
i have a pending top-up
My card is missing.
Where did the money transfer go?
How can I get a Visa and Mastercard?
Is there a certain age I need to be?
Why is my top-up still outstanding?
Someone else accessed my account and made a payment.
An item I bought had the wrong exchange rate applied.
Show me how to verify my identity?
Hello, I am buying a flat and need the inital payment for the mortgage to go through. It keeps showing up as error, what is going on? Can you please help me make this transfer?
Why was I declined from getting cash?
I wasn't charged the correct exchange rate for an item I purchased.
I am seeing a direct debit I wasn't aware of.
why top up is not working even if I got my American Express in Apple Bay?
how to change name
What can I use a virtual disposable card for?
Someone else is using my card, freeze it.
Why won't the ATM let me withdraw money?
Please tell me what this direct debit in my statement is
Why would I get a decline message in a transfer?
I need to order a new virtual card, how do I do that?
I recently got a new place while I'm staying abroad and have been using this account to manage payments, but suddenly I am seeing fees increase. Where are these additional fees coming from?
This company isn't good, I would like to delete my account.
How long does it take for money to reach my account?
Can I order another card?
I asked for cash but I did not receive all the funds
I am yet to receive my pin.
Where are my funds? I topped off my car but it didn't seem to complete.
I would like a card please.
I am not able to do contactless.
Why is a money transfer not showing?
The app can't verify my information for identity proofing purposes.
There's a payment in the app I don't recognize.
How long should a cheque deposit take to show? My account hasn't updated and I want to make sure everything is okay.
Is there a reason to why I was charged twice for a transaction?
I was made to pay an additional pound!
How long does a UK transfer take?
I tried to make a transfer and it was declined. Why?
I would like to change my PIN but I am not currently in the country.
What am I going to need in order to verify my identity?
The card has suffered a security breach.
Why are there additional fees for transfers?
People are using my debit card - help!
What do you charge to top up US cards?
I just moved overseas and I noticed that you are charging me more fees.  I am a loyal customer, is this how you expect to keep customers?
How do I order a new card? The current one is about to expire.
How do I use the top up app with my apple watch?
After the transfer, the balance did not update.
Is there any reason why my card didn't work when I tried to top up?
How do I reset my passcode?
Is there an exchange rate?
Why was my Payment declined
I found an unauthorized card payment
It seems like a transfer is pending.
Please inform me how to get a new card as mine is about to expire.
The app denied my top-up
How can many disposable cards can I have per day?
Can you tell me the countries you provide support for.
Can I make transfers before my identity verification?
Do I pay extra for exchange?
I seem to have a problem here, I bought something about a 2 weeks ago and just now received the payment back into my account and I've already received the item. Can you tell me what is going on here?
My friend wants to send me money, can she?
How can I top up with a cheque?
This is very frustrating. I can't get my card to work on any ATM I try and I've tried 3 of them so far. What's going on? Can you please fix this issue immediately?
Do I have a limit to the number of top-ups per day?
Why hasn't my transaction arrived?
Why hasn't my return cleared my account?
A few weeks ago, a strange transaction was made on my account by a seller I don't know. I am quite sure I didn't do it and will like for you to check it for me.
Would I have to pay anything if I need an additional card?
What does it mean by pending payment?
Why can't I see the top up I made?
Will I get a Visa card or Mastercard?
I don't know where the top-up verification code is.
I need to order a  new card, mine is about to expire and I need to know how much it will cost and how long until I receive it.
I got mugged yesterday and lost access to the app. I need to regain it.
I was overcharged at an ATM while on vacation. I needed cash so I had to use it, but your charges are outregous and I wish I would have known beforehand.
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up.I requested a refund a long time ago but seems like it's not submitting my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
What do I need to do for a PIN?
Can I have a second card issued to another family member?
What can I do about a direct debit transaction on my card that I didn't make?
What card types can I choose from?
After a transfer, I see an extra fee.  Why?
What do the disposable cards do?
I purchased an item and the exchange rate I was given was incorrect.
Will the system automatically top up itself?
Will it take more than 3 days for my transfer to reach my account?
My card is being used online to make a bunch of purchases! Someone else is using it fraudulently. Can you help me freeze it?
someone is using my account
I tried to get cash at some ATM in the city centre earlier but the machine declined my card. I've seen it still shows up as pending in my account. Please cancel it immediately as I definitely have not received that money!
can i top up with check?
We need both a visa and a Mastercard.
Where do I go for a refund?
When I top up what are the amoutn limits.
It's not letting me transfer money to my beneficiery.
Why didn't my payment process
What should I do if I lost my phone?
I transferred the wrong amount and would like to cancel the transaction.
ATM only gave me $20 instead of $100
Need a new card, mine is expiring.
Is there a problem with my account? When I tried to withdraw cash at an ATM I was denied.
There is a fee I don't recognize on my statement.
What are the reasons to be charged a fee on card payments?
I can't get my card to work.
My card won't work at all for anything.
I transferred my funds, why did it not go through?
how do i get a virtual card?
Show me how to change my pin?
is there a foreign currencies charge?
Can I have more than one disposable card?
Why have I been charged an extra pound?
What are the countries you support.
My card is expiring shortly.  How much will it cost for a replacement, and how soon can I get it?
I lost my card, what do I do now?
I see money go out that I didn't withdraw.
How long will this take to get to me?
Is it possible to change to another currency?
Why would i not be able to do a transfer to a beneficiary?
How long does it take for money to transfer?
May I reactivate my card? I previously reported it lost, but have now found it safe and sound.
Is there a charge for top-ups?
How many times can I enter a wrong PIN before it is blocked?
I inadvertently completed a transaction on a wrong account.
I think I was charged a different exchange rate than what was posted at the time.
Since my card is about to expire, what do I do to get a new one?
Why can't I use my virtual card for subscription services?
My top up failed.
I have a US credit card, will you accept it?
Can you change my currency to EUR?
My card still hasn't been delivered
What is the limit to top up?
Do I have a $1 extra fee on the statement?
I bought some stuff this morning but the payment shows as pending
Would I be able to refund an item?
Will I be charged any fees if I want to add money with an international card?
Is there a money transfer fee?
I was under the impression ATM cash withdrawals were free. Why was I suddenly charged for my most recent ATM transaction?
Will I be able to track the card that was sent to me?
Why verify the top-ups?
I recently deposited a cheque and cannot find the cash from it.
Please help me, its urgent. Someone has withdrawn money from my account as few hours before my wallet has been. Now i want to stop withdrawal of more money.
I think there has been a purchase made that wasn't by me.
My latest transfer seems to be missing.
Help! I made a transfer in error and need to cancel it before it's complete!
Can you tell me why I can't make any transactions?
Please can you block the transaction I just sent from my account? It was a payment but I accidently typed in the wrong details and think it might have gone to the wrong place.
Everything seems fine with my account, so why did it decline my payment?
There is something wrong with my card. Tried to use it a few times today in different places and it just didn't work. The transactions I tried to make were really small so not sure what's going on
I have a payment in my statement that is off
I am seeing a weird payment showing up that I know I did not make, how can I get it cancelled?
Seems like the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday was wrong. I was charged extra.
Why would a card payment be declined?
Why did I get less cash than what I asked in the ATM?
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
Some cash shows up on my app.
How can I verify my identity?
Where is the cash I deposited?
Hello I have a UK account.  Can you please check if everything is alright with it?  I made a transfer a couple hours ago but it doesn't show up yet.
Can you tell me what i need for the identity check?
How do I shut down my account and get out of this company?
Why is my card being declined at the ATM? I have tried multiple ATMs and i keep running into the same problem. Could you verify that everything is okay with my account?
I need a new Pin how do I go about that?
Do I need to order a new card if mine is expiring?
There was a limited amount of money available at the time of my transaction.
If I have already completed a cash withdrawal at an ATM, is it normal for it to show as a pending transaction on the app?
How do I activate my card to start using it?
Show me where I can see the PIN?
The expiration date for my card is coming up, how do I get a new card?
I need to find out why my pending payment hasn't gone through.
What is this cash withdrawal I don't recognize?
What do I need to do to transfer money with my credit card?
hey, I think someone stole my card numbers. There is a purchase showing up on my app from a store pretty far away from me.. I really need that money back to pay my rent.
I am still waiting on my card?
I am still waiting to find out the status of my refund. I have made previous attempts to find out what the status is to no avail. Will you please look into this for me?
How do I go about setting up an account for my daughter?
When adding money, what are the currencies you take?
lost my phone, what is account security?
I need to delete my account.
I would like to have a physical card to carry around and use. How can I get one?
In what places can I use my card?
I need help with a lost card
Will I be able to get both a visa and a mastercard?
Help!  I fear that my card was stolen,
Do you provide cards to people not in the UK?
I have yet to receive my virtual card
which kind of documentation do I need for identity check?
Can I get a full list of instructions for identity checks?
I ordered a card and would like to know how to track the delivery progress of it.
What ATM accepts Mastercard?
Why is my card payment still a pending transaction?
I did not have the right exchange rate applied to my situation of pulling out cash
I was just contacted by a seller that let me know they didn't get my money even though I'm very sure it was removed from my account. Now it's back in my account. Get this resolved quickly.
My card did not go through in a shop
I tried topping up my account but it failed, can you help me?
How come the ATM gave me less cash than what I asked for?
Does it cost money to top up?
Do you have a return policy?
I found my card! Can I link it back into the app?
Reason for my card to decline
Can I add a card to back into the app?
Help!  The atm won't give me my card back.
I bought something in a foreign currency but the rate applied is wrong!
The ATM wouldn't allow me to withdraw money
how to get a new card in china
Can I use my account without verifying my identity?
Someone else may be using my card.  There are transactions I don't recognize.
What happens when a beneficiary can't receive my transfer?
I transferred some money to a friend of mine who urgently needs some money right now. How long will it take to get to her?
Why isn't my ID being verified?
Transfer could not be completed due to being declined.
I want to know how to transfer money with my credit card
Isn't my top-up supposed to mean its complete?
What currencies can be exchanged in the app?
I made a payment but it was returned.
I don't want this account anymore, how do I delete it?
I bought an item and now I want a refund.
I like Mastercard better.
What should I do if I don't know my password?
Please help me!  My physical card isn't working right.
I had a card payment that was declined.  Why?
I am having trouble verifying my id.
Why is my withdrawal still pending?
How do I top-up automatically?
I reside in the US, but I want a card.
My salary is in GBP. Do I need to configure this somewhere?
Is there an age limit?
If I have a physical card can I link it?
This company sucks! Can you delete my account?
The wrong amount of cash came out of the ATM today when I went to withdraw. When I looked at the app, it was showing it was much more.
What should I do if my phone is lost or stolen?
Problem with my top up going through
I have not received a refund.
Which countries can I change my PIN in?
I see a $1 charge in a transaction.
Will my card be accepted all over the world?
Is there a topping up limit?
How long will it take for the cash I deposited this morning to show up?
Cash I did not get showed up in my account
I couldn't transfer money to a beneficiery
I tried again to top up my card after doing it a couple days ago when it had worked. Now, it doesn't seem to be working. Can you tell me what the deal is here please?
Transfer isn't working?
The app reverted my action when I topped up.
When are you going to transfer the money?
Is there a fee to make a transfer?
My card will not work
Where is the option to top up with a cheque?
When considering currency holdings and exchanges, what fiat currencies are supported?
It's been more than a week since I had a return charged to my card, why hasn't it showed up?
i cannot seem to activate card
I'd like to get a Visa card, please.
How can I setup automatic top-up?
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card yet?
Are there discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
Can I set the account to auto top-up?
What do I do if I forget my passcode?  Because I did.
I would like my card activated.
Why can't I make a transfer?
I'm trying to verify my identity but can't figure out how, what do I do?
Can you give me a virtual card?
What caused my top-up to be returned?
Is there an extra charge to exchange different currencies?
Won't let me top my card up!! Who can get it sorted out for me? It's urgent! How do I find out what the problem is with my card and how else to top it up?
How do I make a currency exchange?
Would you be so kind as to activate my card? Thanks
Can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
How can I tell if an AMT will take this card?
I did not receive my full withdrawal amount
I tried to buy something and it was declined and my transfers keep getting declined, Why?
Why was I not able to take cash from the ATM?
My transfer keeps failing and I just want to transfer the money can you please make it work?
Why was my virtual card rejected?
I was wondering if I could get a second card on this account? I would like my daughter to have one.
I bought something in another country but the exchange rate is wrong
Should I order a new card before I freeze my original one?
I wanted to know why a top-up I made has been reverted.
My card is broke, what do I do?
I don't know what my passcode is, can you help?
I need assistance to activate the card on my account.
Do you work in Greece?
I just got my card and want to use it, how do I activate my card?
I'm trying to verify my top up card, how do I do that?
My top-up is still pending
I do not recognise this card payment.
What am i missing to verify my id?
I need Australian dollars instead of UK currency.
Can you tell me where my funds come from?
What's the normal time frame for a transfer from a UK account? After just making a transfer it doesn't appear at all. I need to know if things went okay.
I would like to know how I can verify my Identity.
Is it possible to change from AUD to GBP?
How long does it take in Europe to do a transfer?
There is a card payment I'm not familiar with.
Why are there fees for using a card?
Am I able to get a card in EU?
Will there be any extra fees if I exchange currencies?
I withdrew money and got a fee, please explain
I read about the auto-top up function, but can't find it in the app.
Where can I find the verification code for the card top-up?
How come I got to pay to get my money from the ATM?
While abroad, I got cash, and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
I got some cash but it wasn't the right amount.
There's a cash withdraw on my statement that I didn't make.
The store card reader would not accept my card.
The terminal I paid at wouldn't take my card. Is something wrong?
Are there restrictions on new cards in China?
How recent do my documents need to be for verification?
I would like to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account.
I have received my card, can you help me put it in the app?
Which flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
I was charged several times for something
I would like to know if you use Visa or Mastercard.
Is it possible to dispute a debit payment from a couple of months ago.
What can I and can't do with the disposable cards?
There is a withdrawal on my account that I don't remember initiating.
I bought something online a week ago and i never got it in the mail.Can I just get my money back now I don't want to keep waiting on something that isn't going to show up.
How can I use American Express to add funds to my account?
Why is there an extra charge for money that was withdrawn?
Looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. I paid at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App stays at pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Why was I declined when I tried to get my money?
Can you please identify the problem with my bank card?
How can I tell if my card payment is reverted?
Are visa and mastercard accepted
I need to exchange some foreign currency. What's the charge for doing that?
I have lost my phone, what steps can I take to prevent someone using my account?
Where can the pin be located?
I changed my mind on something I purchased through you and I need the transaction canceled and a refund as soon as possible. Can you help me please?
I did not get the right amount of money when I used a different country's currency.
I accidentally exceeded my PIN tries.  Please advise.
Suddenly, my card won't work.
Explain to me why a transfer would be declined.
I can't seem to be able to use my card
Why is my beneficiary not working?
I have a direct debit on my records that is strange and I need help.
If I need a PIN for my card, where is it located?
I'm checking the app and I see a payment that's not mine.
Please explain why my top-up hasn't been processed yet?
I'm having problems with ID verification
For topping-up is there a charge?
I am seeing in the App a payment that its not mine
Can I do a SWIFT transfer?
Is my currency okay to add money with?
Why is there a fee associated with card use?
What is the maximum top up?
I've got a weird problem: I purchased something a week or maybe it was two weeks ago, and the funds have come back into my account! Can you explain this?
What is the verification code on a top-up?
What currencies can I hold money in?
I have a transaction showing up more than once.
Can you freeze my account?  I just saw there are transactions on my account that I don't recognize.  How can I fix this?
I lost my phone and need help protecting it.
I do not have my pin yet
What if I type in the wrong PIN too many times?
I transferred money but the balance did not update.
What can i pay with out  fees
What should I do if I think someone is using my card without my permission?
How can I make my contactless work for the metro?
My withdrawal is pending, why?
How much longer is it going to take to get my new card?
I wanted to know why my transaction didn't go through.
can my husband open an account and transfer money
How does your app transfer the money
There is an incoming payment into my account, but it is deactivated. Will they still be processed?
How do I accept exchanges to EU?
Is it possible for a transaction to be cancelled?
What are the currency exchange fees?
I withdrew some cash out of the ATM over the holiday. It seems that I was charged some outrageous fees. I would not have done that had I been aware of these outrageous charges!
My transfer to my account is missing.
Which documents do I need for this identity check?
My transfer appeared not to work.
I am being charged a pound out of nowhere. What is this?
Is a tracking number available for the card that was just sent?
Has my top-up gone through?
I could not get the ATM to work
What can I expect at card expiration?
my daughter needs a card, how do i add her?
I just sent money but the person I sent it to doesn't see it. What happened?
What will I need for identity verification?
Can I resent my passcode?
Asked for $100 but only got $20. Why would this happen?
How can I fix this?  There is a double charge on my account.
I do not think the pop up went through yet.
My card payment was cancelled.
My transfer is stuck pending? How do we fix it to it goes through?
The rate for a currency exchange was wrong when I bought something.
Why is there an extra pound charge that is pending?
How can I activate my card so I can start using it?
How many days does it take for a transfer to go through?
My card was taken from me
Why was there an extra charge with the withdrawal of my money?
My money didnt go through after I transferred.
Can I use the app without my phone?
I used this account a lot during the last month to manage my payments for my new place abroad. Seems that suddenly fees have increased? Shouldn't you instead reward your frequent customers instead of putting an additional fee suddenly?!
Just today there was a purchase on my card that wasn't done by me. Can this be reversed and my card be frozen? I can't have this continue!
I didn't receive my money earlier and it says the transaction is still in progress. Can you fix it?
There is a payment done with my card which i definitely did not do.Never seen that name before.
Why does my transfer still say it is pending?
I tried to access money earlier but the machine seems not to be working. After looking, the transaction actually shows to still being process. Can you find out what is going on here? I don't want to be charged for some money I never got.
I would like to create a disposable virtual card. How do I go about doing that?
can i use my app to get a virtual card
If I have more than one disposable card, can I make five payments on each of them?
How long does it take for funds to come through the US to my account?
I wanted to top up my account and it doesn't look like it worked
Can I send a cheque to do my top ups?
I would like a virtual card...how do I get one?
A transfer to my account was denied.
My card is due to expire
Help! I've forgot my app passcode!
Hey there, I just went through my most recent credit card payments and I notice the same charge for a restaurant was processed twice. There was only one meal at this place, so I would like one of the charges to be reversed and my money to be put back in the account.
Is there any way to cancel a transfer?
What are the available cards?
I have a new card and I want to activate it
I think my top up may have been reverted, what do I do?
Do you charge anything for topping up?
How do I track the card you sent to me?
It's been over a month and i still haven't received my goods! I ordered a pencil for crying out loud, it's not that hard to deliver that! I'm done with these people, give me a refund immediately! I'll search for my Japanese exclusive pencil elsewhere!
I can't recall my password.
What would the age limit be?
Hello, I tried to top up with my card, but it didn't work. I just got it a couple days before and it works fine. What's the deal? Can you check into this?
The amount of cash I requested to withdrawal did not match what I received when exchanged
What will happen if I want to add money using an international card? Will I run into any fees?
My account was charged a fee. When did you start charging extra for card payments?
I need to reset my passcode. Where do I go to do that?
Someone might have access to my card!  There are some strange payments showing up on my account.  What do I do?
Help me order a new card that's going to be expired soon.
I had a problem with my card payment, can you help?
Does it cost money for currency exchange services?
Can you tell me your exchange rates?
I would like to know where the funds are at.
I wanted to purchase something online but the payment was returned back to me. This has been going on for a couple of weeks. Please tell me what is going on here?
How long does a check take to show up in the account balance?
Why is there a charge for my transfer?
Why is there an unknown card payment?
I have an incorrect charge and would like a refund.
I want a refund, but I haven't received the item yet. Can I cancel it and get my funds back? How do I do that.
Why is allowance not being given to my beneficiary?
I need some help linking my new card.
The card I have doesn't work.
What currencies are approved to add money?
Please help me figure out the reason for the odd withdrawal amount from my account?
After taking over my card transactions I noticed that was charged twice for a restaurant purchased from earlier this week. Can you please remove one of these transactions from my account since it is not accurate?
I can't use top up on Google Pay.
Can you unblock my pin because I put the wrong one too many times.
is it just visa or can i also use mastercard?
I traded some of my money from my native country into an ATM to exchange for foreign currency, and the money I received was a different equating amount!
Why use a disposable card?
Can I use American express with apple pay? Why does it make my top up not work?
Can I have one of the virtual cards?
My disposable virtual card was rejected by the merchant, please help?
Is my PIN recorded anywhere?
My Virtual card was rejected for a car rental. Why?
I saw I was charged extra for money I withdrew?
I received incorrect amount of cash from an ATM today. It was more than I wanted. What do I do now?
How do I edit my personal details?
What types of currencies do you accept?
I got cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
Where is the card PIN located?
I lost my passcode.
I am having some difficulty verifying my id.
What fiat currencies are used for exchange?
I have a Visa and Mastercard, can I use these?
Do charge fees for transfers?
Is the exchange rate the same on weekends as the weekdays?
I've transferred money before without issue but now I am encountering an error stating that it isn't possible. Why is that?
Why was my ATM transaction cancelled?
The top-up verification code is not visible.
My payment card was declined - could you tell me why?
I did not receive all of my cash back
For how long will my transfer be pending?
Are there only certain ATM machines where I can use this card?
How many top-ups can I use?
Is there a limit to how high I can top-up?
Do you have to order a new card before your current card expires?
How many days to deliver to a US customer?
I might need AUD instead of GBP, how to change?
How do I add my card to the app once I get it?
What is the status of my top up?
Your card pin can be changed at any Visa or MasterCard ATM with Pin services, excluding countries such as Belgium, Luxembourg, Austria, Germany, Spain, and France.
I'm locked out of my account as I can't remember my code, what do I do now?
Please explain to me how to know where my funds are from.
I received a decline message on a transfer
Please check my payment from last Saturday as I feel I have been overcharged on the exchange rate.  Thank you.
I made a purchase and was charged at the wrong foreign exchange rate.
My wallet got stolen a couple hours ago and now I've seen there already is a withdrawal. Help this is absolutely urgent I don't want to loose more money
What is the extra fee I was charged when using an ATM?
Are there any limits to using disposable virtual cards?
Give me back my money, I'm not paying the sellers. It has been a long time ago that I made an order and it just isn't coming.
how much is the fee for topping by card
I have a strange direct debit in my statement
Where is the auto top-up option?
How old do you have to be to get an account?
Do I need any kind of proof for the identity check?
I have been waiting over a week. Is the card still coming?
What kind of charges should I expect to exchange currencies?
I recently bought something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect. Why?
I accidentally made a payment to a wrong account. What should I do?
I made a cash withdrawal but the pending status is taking forever.
What is the charge for paying with my card?
How can I see my source of funds?
Why can't my ID be verified?
I would like to know why a withdraw I made for some cash shows up as pending.
I got my card a few days ago but am unable to top up. I'm thinking about closing my account because of this. What is going on?
What steps can I take if someone else is using my card?
What's the maximum amount I can top up my card with please?
I made a transfer and was charged an extra fee!
I don't know what a pending payment is.
My exchange rate isn't correct.
Can you let me know where my refund money is? I requested a refund a few days back, but it's not showing up yet.  Do you guys have the money yet? Maybe it's just not in my account.  Let me know when it will become available, please.
Can my card be used everywhere?
Is there an option to have a virtual card?
I made a cash withdrawal earlier and it's showing as pending.  What does that mean?
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it wouldn't stop saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's Broken?
How can I activate the new card i got?
Is there a way to see where my money originally came from?
What is the age requirement?
What is the expected delivery date for my card?
I was charged more than once for a card payment I made.
Why was i charged for making a withdrawal? After i went grocery shopping i withdrew some money from my account and now there is another charge.
the transfer went through but now it has been pending for quite a while. i need this to go through already
I just activated auto top-up, but it is not letting me enable it. Why not?
Help my find the verification code on a top-up.
How do I delete my account? I am dissatisfied with the service.
What does a 'pending payment' mean?
Why was I charged a fee for my withdrawal?
Which atms allow me to change my pin?
My card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks. Is it lost?
I want to cancel my account.
My friends would like to add to my account. What is the procedure?
I topped off my card is that something you will charge me for?
My card payment wasn't accepted.
I can't verify my identity.
There is a missing transfer on my account
I need help. I asked for a refund from a merchant a while ago, but I have not gotten my money back. I keep checking my account, but nothing is showing up. What should I do now?
Can you show me how to top up with Google play?
There is a payment in the app I did not make
I'm pretty frustrated about a pound charge that keeps  showing up in my account statement. It's listed in the app as "pending", it never changes, and now I'm thinking someone's hacked my account!
Do you offer any discounts for someone who exchanges currencies frequently?
I transferred money and it didn't get there.
How long until my friend receives my transaction?
My address has updated and I need to change it.
What is the limits on the number of disposable cards I can have?
How do I replace a stolen card?
Why can't I take $100 out
Why wouldn't my contactless work for the metro?
What does it mean when my top up is saying  still pending?
How is the PIN delivered?
Do you deal with EUR?
How do you check my identity?
The app said I withdrew cash at an ATM and I didn't
They charged me wrong for a currency exchange on a purchase.
What systems do you have in place for my security when using my card for everyday purchases?
Is there an auto top up option?
What is the need to verify my identity?
I am in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
You sent me a card and now I want to link it.
Where does the exchange rate stand right now?
Does your app allow currency exchange from USD to GBP?
I recently purchased something, and the exchange rate was wrong.
How come there is a duplicate charge on my card?
Why is it showing that my account has been charged a dollar that is showing as pending?
How do I top up my account with a cash payment?
There is a withdrawal on my account I didn't make.
how can the money machine keep my card what do i need to do?
Where Is the top up verification code found?
Can I order a new card by phone?
My contactless is not working
I don't have my cell phone with me so I cannot access the system to complete the transaction.
Why is there a pending time on my transfer?
I need to transfer funds into my account. How can I do this?
Is American Express supported for adding funds?
What if I need my salary in a different currency?
My card has not arrived yet, where is it?
My cheque deposit didn't seem to work.
Please cancel my last transaction.
Why did the app deny my top up?
I entered a wrong PIN too many times. How can I fix this?
Why was I charged a fee for transferring money
I need a card reactivation, I had reported my card lost but I ran across it in my jacket.
Can I electronically transfer funds into my account from my American Express?
Why is there a direct debit payment on my statement that I didn't do?
I can not seem to make a successful transfer, can you tell me what I'm doing wrong?
What went wrong when I tried to do my transfer?
Is there a reason my refund isn't showing on my statement?
Someone stole my wallet earlier today, not sure exactly when, probably on Piccadilly circus. Can you check if there were any attempts to use the card and obviously block it?
Will it be possible to change from USD to GBP with this App?
I looked on the app and it says I withdrew cash.  I didn't!
Can I order a second card?
Can I use a check to get gas?
I am here to change my adress.
My PIN is not working and I need assistance.
I didn't set up the direct debit I have
Is topping up with cash allowed?
Where can money withdrawals be made?
How do I reactivate my card?
How can I top up by card?
I am not able to prove my identity
How can I find your exchange rates?
I'm not sure why my payment has been declined? Please tell me why, I thought it was all good.
This morning, I tried to send money to my friends several times but each time the transfer fails.  Why does it keep failing?  The transfer gets rejected but I do not know what is causing it to be rejected.
What is this extra €1 fee about?
I still want to use my account but haven't verified is that OK?
How can I track my card's delivery?
I made a cash deposit to my account but i don't see it
I'm being asked for a verification code. Where do I find it?
Card payment still pending.
Its been 3 days, How long will my transfer take to get to my wallet?
What caused my top up to be reverted?
If I make a mistake can I cancel the transaction?
What do I need to do to transfer money into my account?
Why won't my top up go through?
The wrong exchange rate applied to my cash withdrawal.
How do I initiated a bank transfer to top up?
Is there any limits I should know about if I'm going to use a disposable virtual card?
I see a direct debit transaction that I didn't make.
How do I get unblocked?
The rate applied to my purchase in a foreign currency was wrong.
Please help me with the amount that i have withdrawn from the ATM today, the ATM has given me wrong sum of amount, and i could see that the app is displaying the greater amount than taken out.
Can you help me sign up for a virtual card?
why do I have a pending payment?
How long do transfers take, mine just says pending?
Why has my account balance not changed after depositing a cheque?
Why is a transaction still pending?
Whats the delivery time to the United States?
I was suppose to be getting a refund for something I purchased a while ago, but It still hasnt been applied to my account. When will I get my money back?
Can my friends top up my account?
I need help resetting my passcode to access my app.
I need a second card on this account for my daughter.
My atm withdraw is stillpending
I want to know where the funds come from.
Are contactless payments enabled on my new card?
I have to transfer something to China as fast as I can. How long will it take to arrive in China?
It won't let me activate my card.
On a card payment, why is there a fee?
How can I top up with my apple watch?
Can I use a cheque to top up my account
I purchased an item and the exchange rate was wrong
What are the limits to using disposable virtual cards?
You shorted me money when I tried to make a withdrawal.
My transfer is pending.
I have a trip coming up and want to add money automatically.
Help! I just realised someone has apparently withdrawn money using my card! It's from some odd remote town where I definitely haven't been. Please freeze it immediately!
I have not seen any changes in my account balance(s) after making a transfer.
Can you walk me through how I can edit some of my personal information?
Is using my card free?
How can I exchange GBP for AUD?
I transferred money, but I think I've been charged a fee for it?
I would like to get some extra cards?
I was attempting to purchase a golf club off eBay yesterday, but my credit card was declined. I tried multiple times, and again this morning. Can you check into my card please?
Can you explain why my Google Pay Top isn't working?
I couldn't transfer to an account.
Why are you declining my payment? Everything was fine.
What's the wait time for European transfers?
The app says I got cash from an ATM but I didn't
My PIN has been blocked, what should I do?
My transfer did not seem to work.
Why wasn't my payment to beneficiary X approved?
I need to change my address in the personal details.
Explain why my top up has been reverted please.
What should I do if my card payment was cancelled?
What is the source of your exchange rates?
I've made a horrible mistake!  I transferred money to the wrong account by accident!  I entered one of the digits wrong.  I need this cancelled immediately please.
Why are my transfers getting declined?
What countries are you issuing cards for?
Should I keep waiting for my card to be delivered?
I made a transfer to my friend earlier and she hasn't received it yet.  What's the hold up?
How do I get rid of my account ASAP?
Do you have a problem with EUR exchanges?
i live in the US can i still get a card?
Do you have a tracking number for the card I was sent?
I can not find my refund.
My wallet was just stolen, and they've already used my card! Please help, I can't afford to lose more money!
Where do you need to live to receive card
Can you look into my top up please.  I made it over three hours ago and yet it's still pending.
I have to transfer money over to my mother, and I have tried numerous times and all that keeps happening is error messages.
How come I can't put money in my top up account?
Why wouldn't the ATM give me my money?
Is there a transfer fee?
The app failed to verify my id.
My top up did not go through yet.
What currencies can I exchange?
How can I know where did my funds come from?
I'm seeing a direct debit payment that is not me.
My wallet was stolen, along with my cards. How do I put a freeze on my cards and order a new one?
is there a limit on top ups
What is the maximum for top-ups?
Do you support all cards and currencies?
How many tries do I have to enter my pin before I'm blocked?
How much will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency
Can I change from AUD to GBP?
I want to transfer money with my credit card.
I'm going to cancel a purchase.
Why was the exchange rate wrong when I got cash
I need to update my demographics.
The transfer on my account is not showing up.
Do you support the exchange of EUR from my currency.
What are the restrictions on auto top-up?
My card was declined today when eating and I need to know what's wrong.
I just moved to the US how do I get a card?
I would like to know how to transfer money into my account.
How do I cancel a transfer?
How do I make an exchange from one currency to another?
Why is my exchange rate wrong for an item I bought?
My daughter needs a card. Can I give her one of mine that's linked to my account?
Will there be extra charges regarding to adding money into my international card?
Can you tell me why you won't let me get my own money out of the money machine? I know I used the right PIN.
Will I always be charged a fee for using my card?
Can I exchange USD and GBP from the app?
I was making a purchase and it was declined and I wanted to know why.
Can you tell me the ATMs I can use with my card?
where do I request a disposable virtual card?
How do I access the virtual card?
I am entering my passcode but getting an error.
The app is showing a direct debit payment that I never made
My PIN tries have run out. Now what?
I have an unfamiliar direct debit in my statement.
I put some cash into my account but it's not displaying that on my balance.
Why am I charged a fee when using my debit or credit card?
I think I was double charged
what is the matter?
Why did I get charged for withdrawing cash?
Why was a charged a fee for using the card?
I made a cash withdrawl and there is a charge.  What is this?
I only made one transaction at this place, but it's appearing multiple times.
Why do I need top-up to be verified?
Why is identity verification required?
I did what you told me earlier and contacted the seller for a refund directly, but nothing is happening! It's been a week and I still haven't got anything. Please just give me back my money
I tried activation my card and it didn't employment
Hi, I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can you cancel it as soon as possible?
i made a payment with my card and was charged a fee, why would you do that
What needs to be done to activate and use a card?
I think my statement has a fraudulent charge
I deposited a check but my balance is still the same.
When will the transaction go through?
Someone is using my account to do online shopping! Please freeze it asap
Can you tell me how to close my account?
How can I withdraw money?
When will the check I deposited post to my account?
Do I have to use bank approved ATM's
can i use both visa and mastercard
Does the card you sent have a way to track to it?
Why do you need me to do an identity check?
My cash received does not match what has been requested
What are the places that you deliver cards to?
do you offer refunds? i would like to return purchase.
I looked at my statement, and there is a charge for 1£ that I don't recognize.  Why is it on there?
i entered my pin in wrong and got it frozen. how many tries do i have
Why did I get charged a fee for transferring money?
If I don't have much money in the account can I auto top-up?
There is a strange card payment I don't recognise.
I got a strange fee when I used the ATM.
I need a second card, can I have more than one?
Whats the transfer process
How do you verify an identity?
What's the top up limit?
Please send me a disposable virtual card.
Is there a fee for transfer top-up?
Can other people top up my account?
My transfer was declined, why is that?
How can I reset my PIN?
How come I was charged an extra fee when paying with the card?
How long does it take for pending to go through
My account is locked because I used the wrong pin too many times.  Please help.p
I got less cash than the one I specified in the ATM
My card is about to expire.  Where do I get a new one.
Hello. Can you tell me if you use Visa or Mastercard?
I was charged a fee for using my card. Can I check that in any way? It seems like there are occasions that I am charge for fees. Can you elaborate this?
Why am i being charged for withdrawing cash funds?
I just checked and my payment was cancelled, why?
I used my card and there was a fee
I'd like to get a refund for something I bought, is that possible?
It looks like my card payment was sent back.
How do I create a disposable virtual card?
Are there any charges for top ups?
What is the time frame for european transfers?
I've been waiting a while for my card, is there a way to know when it will arrive?
Why am I still waiting for my refund
can I top up an apple pay?
I'm still waiting on my new card to be delivered!
I am having a slight problem with my American express in apple play, can you help me fix the problem with top up?
Looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. I went to pay at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App is on pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Are SWIFT transfers supported?
Will I be charged for a SEPA transfer?
I would like to know why my payment is still pending, can you help?
Hi, I made a transfer yesterday that I need to reverse.  I need to put the money in a different account.
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on something I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Please it's urgent.
How long does it take to make an urgent transfer from China?
how long does delivery take?
Why couldn't I transfer to a beneficiairy?
I have been waiting for my transfer, shouldn't it be here already?
Help, the ATM didn't give me all the money I requested
What is the reason my payment was not accepted?
would I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
Please tell me how to get a card if I reside in the US.
I sent a transfer and it has been pending for awhile. How long will it stay pending?
I got a message that I cannot name X as a beneficiary.
The refund isn't showing up on my account.
What other fiat currencies can I use?
There must have been a mistake, why was I charged an extra pound?
Can I use my account without verifying identity?
looking back on my transactions from a couple of months ago I have noticed a charge that is fairly large that I'm certain was not completed by me. I know it has been a while but can I please dispute this charge?
is it possible to cancel transactions?
I want to change my address.
What do I need to do to cancel a transaction?
Are you available in my country?
What is the process for activating a new card.
I went to top up my card and it was cancelled.
went somewhere else, need to change details
Will this app exchange currencies?
My card payment is showing up as pending for a very long time, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
I need to cancel a transaction immediately.
I'm worried that my card has been compromised because I see a payment that I didn't make.
The bank machine didn't give my card back how do I get a new one fast?
Why did you charge me extra?
My throwaway virtual card won't work
I have a withdrawal waiting to go through.
I wasn't able to use my top up card because the money I put on there wasn't there anymore
I want to do a swift transfer
Can I exchange currency for different types?
I need info on activating my card?
I bought an item then noticed the exchange rate was wrong.
Where am I able to get my PIN unblocked?
Why am I being charged for transfers? Are they not free?
What foreign exchange rate will you use?
Help me find my card pin!
My beneficiary is not allowed?  Why?
Where'd the rest of my cash go from the ATM
What are my options for holding money in multiple currencies?
Help! Someone stole my card!
My account needs to be deleted.
How do I transfer funds if I am paid in GBP?
What are my payment options?
My card must have used my card as there are some transactions that I haven't done myself..
I don't understand why it says I have to verify the top-up.
An extra pound was charged!
I can't transfer money from my account.
I was charged multiple times for one purchase
Tell me why my transfer is pending.
What locations can I top up with cash?
My passcode doesn't work
Where do I obtain my virtual card?
I tried to withdraw 40 pounds but only 20 came out. Did you steal my money?
Why isn't my id verifying?
What is the age to open an account?
I transferred money but the balance hasn't changed.
I want to use my account before identity verification
My account is  new  why can I  not top up
Where is my new card? I have been waiting a week!
Who should I talk to or go to resolve a duplicate charge on my statement?
Do you know what your exchange rates are?
The exchange rate is incorrect on an item I recently purchased in a foreign country.
How long does it take for money to transfer?  I sent some to a friend and it hasn't gone through yet.
I submitted a transaction but it was for the incorrect account.
When will I see an updated balance after a transfer?
I would like to know what exchange rates you use?
will you be able to activate my card
can you tell me why my card was declined?
How do I verify my ID?
Is my card accepted everywhere?
I have cancelled payments to this card.
where do i find out about exchange fees
Why cant I transfer to my account?
Do you have to be 18 to make an account?
How would I change my details?
What is the charge for using a Top up card in the US?
Can you tell me how to locate my PIN?
I lost my card. Can you help me?
can i use check to top up
Hello, I wanted to get some more information about ATM Withdraw Fee. I have been withdrawing money for years and notice this charge on my account. I always thought it was no fee since its you guys ATM company that I am withdrawing. Can you please explain?
What is my top-up limit?
They used the wrong rate when I made a purchase with foreign currency.
I live in the EU, can I get one of your cards?
Can I top up my balance with a cheque?
how can i top up?
Explain top-up cancellation
Hi, I'm trying to by some crypto and the app isn't allowing it. I really want to exchange this, what am I doing wrong?
What is this extra fee on my statement.
It's been some time since refilled the top-up.
I want to use a cheque to pay.
Do you offer additional currency options?
i would like to top up with check
I would like to know any restrictions for the disposable cards.
Where do I go to change my account details?
Fix your system. I can't make transfers, I've tried like 5 times already.
I cannot prove my own identity.
Do I have to go somewhere to activate my card?
Why has my payment been declined? I paid by card.
Tell my why my top-up is pending.
I have questions about how to transfer money to my account.
I was charged too many times for one transaction.
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I think it's blocked. What do I do?
why do I need to show ID
Please send my card as quickly as possible.
Double check your funds may be declined
How do I know which payments I make will have additional fees? Where can I find this information online?
How can I get the cash deposit to show up on my account?
What do you need for my identity check?
I've lost track of my phone or someone stole it.
It seems I've suddenly been charged for my recent ATM cash withdrawal. What's up with that? I though withdrawals are free, you never charged me so far!
Please help to explain to me why my new card was declined when I tried to use it at my grocery store this morning to pay for the items I needed.  I tried three times to use it and it kept being declined.  I was very embarrassed standing there trying to buy my groceries.
I have zero dollars in my account. Can I submit additional funds via bank transfer?
Is there a function where I can top-up automatically?
extra fees on a cash withdrawal, not cool.
Is it possible to cancel a transaction?
I didn't get cash from an ATM, but according to the app a transaction was made when i didn't make it.
There's a weird payment showing in my app that I definitely haven't made myself, as I haven't used the card at all that day. Please cancel that and return my money.
Whats the maximum disposable virtual cards?
Somebody has stolen my card, I need help please.
I am having problems with a top-up.
My client was converting their Russian ruble into UK pound currency when they noticed their bill was much too high for the exchange. What happened?
I am unable to access my app due to forgetting my passcode.
Why was there a fee on my cash withdrawal?
What happened to where my top-up was canceled?
I see a direct debit payment on my statement that wasn't me
Will it automatically top-up or do I need to do that manually if there isn't much cash left?
Can you help me get rid of my account?
I bought something on line a and the seller hasn't received the money I sent could you please tell me how long an EU transfer takes?
The app won't let me log in as myself.
I have 1 other US card.  Can you take that?
Can I link my card I previously received?
I used the wrong account number!
Are there extra charges for exchanging currency?
I am not recognizing a debit payment from my account.
How long until transfers from Europe go through?
Can you tell me more info about virtual disposable cards?
why isn't my top-up going through?
why do you verify the top up
I need to transfer something from China, How long will it take?
How to change my address.
What does it cost to receive a SEPA transfer?
I didn't do a payment and I have it now.
I haven't received my virtual card yet!!
Tell me why my card payment was declined.
Can I exchange currencies usign this app?
What fiat currencies do you support?
Will there be any charges for money received?
Can you tell me why my transfer is failing and help resolve?
Why would you decline my card?
When will my deposit from this morning show up?
How can I link the new card?
I tried to use my card to top up but all of the money has disappeared.
Tell me the currencies that you support.
I put some money in my account the other day but now its gone? Why is this?
Are the delivery days flexible?  My schedule only allows me to be a available on specific dates.
I have an account that is empty of funds. Can I transfer some from another bank?
In what countries do you do business?
Is there a fee for extra cards?
Are you able to make exchanges to EUR?
I lost my card and need a new one, will it cost me?
How long does it take for cards to be delivered after ordering them?
Hello,  I have recharged topup but account is not credited. Please help me in this, i guess there is some defect in system.
A refund for a recent return has not arrived on my card.
I have a card payment that was declined, but why?
How do I unblock my PIN?
Why is my ATM cash withdrawal showing up as a pending transaction?
How come I did not get a virtual card yet?
Why was I charged a fee when making this transfer when I shouldn't have been?
What currencies and cards do you support?
I can't enter my passcode.
I want to know where my money comes from.
Cash deposit to my account but it has not appeared.
How can I update my personal information after moving?
I received my card. How do I link it to the app?
The applied exchange rate is wrong for the cash I got abroad.
What happened to the transfer I did?
How can I request cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
Can you explain to me why a top-up would still be pending?
A while ago i requested a refund from a seller. I keep checking my statement but I have not been refunded yet. I'm confused why i haven't gotten my money back yet but I need your help getting it please.
Will I need to order a new card since mine expires next month?
I would like to get an item refunded
Where is the refund on my statement?
Salary in GBP has been received. Does it need to be configured into another place?
Which countries are you in?
Where can I find the exchange rate for my transfer?
I am looking to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
What, if any, is the limit  for auto top-up?
is apple pay a top up service?
How do I set-up my PIN for the new card?
Where do I go to reset the passcode?
Can i get a single use virtual card
Are there limits on the virtual cards?
What businesses accept my card?
I have left my card at my parents house. Can you send me a spare one please to use in the meantime?
I used the ATM machine to get money out for Holiday shopping and saw the outrageous charges. Why is that? I would not have used the ATM if I had known!
Are there fees for top ups?
How long does the "pending" period of a transfer take?
Hello, I trying to top up with my card today but it didn't work. When I tried last time it worked but today it isn't. Could you take a look at it for me?
I requested a virtual card but it is not showing up. Why?
I do not wish to verify my identity.
I didn't get a PIN yet. What gives?
How is my card payment still pending?
The right amount of cash was not sent to me.
The card that I have isn't working. This is the physical card.
Help me.  There is a Direct Debit that I didn't make.
why do your exchange rates change
Why was my account deducted from a seller when I didn't approve of it?
Is there a charge for topping up by transfer?
Do I have to pay for topping up by transfer?
My top-up failed to go through.
why hasn't my virtual card come yet?
I want to top my account by using a bank transfer. How would that work?
Can I request a card?
I haven't gotten my new card.
Is there a reason why my account isn't updating because I used a check to  balance my account?
Guide me on how to unblock my PIN
I need a new card since my old one is about to expire.
I hope you can help me. Someone has stolen my wallet and now I have noticed that they have been taking money from my account.
I did not do this payment
is there a charge on withdrawals?
Your ATM pin can be changed at any VISA or MasterCard ATM with PIN services. Certain countries don't support ATM pin changes.
I transferred money yesterday, but it still isn't available?
What is the refund policy?
If someone in a different country sends me money, do I have to pay a fee?
When will my funds transfer?
What works for identity verification?
Why is there an extra 1 pound charge on my card?
I tried to get some money but the machine was not working .The transaction still seems in progress! Can you please check what's going on.I don't want to be charged for money that I did not received.
I am extremely unhappy with this app and want to get rid of my account?
Someone stole my wallet with my card in it while vacationing in Spain. I really need my card blocked and a new one ordered.
Why did I get a fee from the ATM?
What do I need to do to correct this failed transfer?
Why can't I withdraw cash?
Can you unblock my pin after too many wrong pin attempts?
I couldn't make a transfer to a beneficiary!
For some reason my contactless won't work for me.
transaction failed?
I locked myself out of my account, how do I unblock my PIN?
Do I have to do an identity check?
something is wrong with my exchange rate charge
What's up with verifying top-ups?
How long will my transfer be pending for?
I'm out of money, can I add money with my bank?
I really need some help to understand why my transfer keeps failing. I'm trying to send money to a friend. Please help.
What is the reason my cash withdrawal is still pending?
Is there an issue with my card payment as it has not gone through.
How do your exchange rates work?
I need a card, but I'm in the US at the moment.
What is the top-up limit for my card?
Why hasn't arrived yet a transaction I did to my friend?
I need to update my personal details
If I'm getting my identity verified, what all do I need?
I am still waiting for a transfer to show
Should I complete my security verification before I can use my account?
What is the time frame that transfers normally take from a UK account? I just completed a transfer and nothing shows up. I need to know if everything is alright.
How will I know when I get my refund?
What is the maximum transactions for one disposable card?
I requested a refund directly from the seller but I still don't have it. I just want you to send me my money back. I did what you said to do and I still don't have it.
What is the activation process on my new card?
How do I link a new card to an existing one?
areas card is accpeted
I require verification for my source of funds.
I cannot activate my card.
What do I do to activate my new card?
I used my card to top up but it's saying it is still pending. What does this mean?
Where do I look for cash top up?
my money, where is it coming from?
Why am I being charged fees on some transactions but not on others? What am I missing here? I cannot find where to see the fee structure on my account. Help!
What kind of documents do I need for the identity check?
Why was my top up reverted?
Hi, I was looking over my card receipts for the past week and I realize I had a charge put through two times for the same single restaurant visit. Can one of the charges be removed so that I can get the money back that was mistakenly taken from my account?
The exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
Why is there an extra fee charged?
I recently transferred money to my account when will it show up?
There is a payment that has not processed.
I want to add money to my card, what payments do you accept?
Why hasn't my transfer gone through yet?
I can't transfer any money from my account to my friend's account, it keeps rejecting it. Can you tell me why? I have enough funds in my account to transfer.
I was mugged.  They took everything.  I can't use the app.  What do I do?
I managed to drunken block my card :(( Help!
What is the process when my card is due to expire?
I need to know why my credit card was declined for top up? What is the deal here and why did it not go through?
the exchange rate I got for cash was wrong
Will my new card work outside of the EU?
Who accepts the card?
Do you charge for physical cards
Why isn't my disposable virtual card working?
I made a mistake this morning when I did a transfer. How do I reverse it?
My card has an issue, the payment has been deferred.
I had an unexpected fee
I want one of the virtual cards!
Why can't I see the top-up amount I just added to my account?
Is there tracking info available?
How long will my transaction take?
May I receive a different card pin
I found my card that I thought I had lost, I need to reactive it, please help.
Do currency exchanges cost extra?
what is my monthly spending limit because i was refused my money at an atm
How do I get the contactless feature to work for my card?
What are the steps I need to take to cancel a transaction?
I would like to know why I was charged twice for my purchase.
What is needed for my daughter to open an account?
Why will my transfer not go through?!  Keep getting an error message.
I need some money transferred ASAP, how long does the process take?
I returned an item but don't see it on my account?
What is the fee for a foreign currency exchange?
I haven't received the PIN yet.
Hi, My card withdrawal was declined this morning. It was working fine till yesterday. Please check and inform me.
Can I have a spare card for this account please?
A transfer could not be completed.
why was a extra fee added to my account for transfer ?
I still don't have a card. How do I get one?
Is it possible to hold money in different currencies?
I did not get all the cash at ATM.
Where does all this money come from though?
I tried to used my card in a shop and the transaction was declined.
I have multiple charges on the same transaction.
Can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
What all is needed to verify the top-up card?
How come I got charged extra for withdrawing cash?
I found the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
What should I do if someone else used my card?
What currencies can I not hold many in, if so what are they?
i tried to transfer cryptocurrency into my account but was denied
There is a payment that I made that hasn't gone through yet.
What are the current exchange rates?
I was checking my statement and I think one of my card payments has reverted
Where can I find a Mastercard ATM?
I didn't know I was going to get charged to use my card.
How can I check on the status of my new card?
What ATMs can I use my card?
How old does my daughter need to be to have her own account?
my identity hasn't been verified and i can't edit my details, what's next
Could you please help me?  I made my rent payment and have double checked that I sent it to the right account.  The person receiving it says he has not received it but it shows complete on my side.
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money off my card?
There's a payment in the app that I didn't authorize.
There is a pending payment on my account that is very strange. I don't remember making this and it won't go away. Can you help me figure this out?
what's my top-up verification code?
I attempted to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared?
I'm going on holiday to France for 6 weeks with my family and the cat, Fluffy.  I just purchased €10,000 from a currency exchange to ensure we don't run short but there appears to be a fee.  What is this for?
I'm not sure where this charge came from.
how long does a US transfer take
Why did you decline my transfer?
Is there a disposable virtual card option?
I still have not received my new card, I ordered over a week ago.
What currencies do you accept for adding money to my account?
Can I edit my details?
I got declined when attempting a transfer
Help.  I have a stolen card!
Do the disposable cards have any restrictions?
My card is expiring soon, How do I order a new card?
My transfer is still pending and I know the account numbers are correct.  Please help.
My phone was left at a hotel and I can't access the app.
What will I be charged for a physical card?
Any place that takes Mastercard would be fine.
My cash deposit from a week ago hasn't shown up. I need the money - how quickly can you sort this out?
What's the cost for exchanges?
Can i receive transfers from my employer this way?
Is there something wrong with my ATM Card?  Tried using it earlier and it did not work.
Are there any ATM machines near me?
Why did my cash deposit not show up?
I need to know what these extra charges are on my statement?
Is there a way I can have a mastercard?
Why wont the ATM give me cash?
What methods can I use to add money to my account?
What fiat currencies are supported?
How can I find an ATM that accepts this card?
Hey I am standing in front of an ATM here, it only gave me 10 pounds even though I wanted to withdraw 30! Seems like the app has 30 pounds, what do I do??
Will I get extra charges?
I would prefer a visa card
What's the time frame on EU transfers? I purchased something a couple of days ago but the seller hasn't received my payment.
What are the currencies and cards that are supported with my account?
How do I fix my card if it is broken?
I would like use the bank transfer, but I don't understand the process, can you please explain, topping up?
How man currencies can I hold?
I noticed my exchange rate was incorrect when I got cash.
Is there a charge for SEPA transfers?
Do I get charged for withdrawals?
My new card keeps getting declined. I was very excited to use it for the first time today. Why is this doing this?
Will you set a limit to my top-up?
How old do my kids need to be to use your service?
I am missing a refund amount on my account.
What do I have to do to change my pin?
I was supposed to get a purchase refunded but I don't see the money in my account
Duplicate transactions appear on my account
Why was my transfer request decline?
If my account is low in funds, can I set an auto top-up?
Is the closest ATM to me within 2 miles?
The app reverted after I topped-up
what happens to the funds if a merchant refuses the payment
Can I add funds directly from my Apple Watch?
What's your refund policy if I bought an item from you?
Why was I charged twice?
Where do I find the auto top- up?
Why was I charged an extra fee when doing a transfer?
I am still waiting for my card.
Tell me how to change my details.
Why did my card get charged twice for a transaction?
What currencies are available for my use in holding and exchange?
Hi, I have been overcharged for my payment last Saturday. I guess exchange rate was wrong.
Is there a maximum amount of top-ups?
How much does top up fees cost?
How do I deposit my paycheck to this account?
I was told to verify my identity, how do I do that?
How would I be able to make changes to my personal details?
How do I find the verification code for my top-up card?
I need a new PIN number.
The top-up is broken.
I tried to take out some money from an ATM earlier today and it was declined. Looking on my screen now, I still see that it's pending for that amount. I didn't actually get that money, so I don't want it processed on my account.
Can I reactivate a card I thought I lost?
Are there any specific ATMs that this card can be used at?
There is unusual activity on my account and I believe someone took my card.
How can receive a physical card
Why is there a fee for an extra pound in my statement?
I anticipate getting a Visa card
I'm starting to think my card is lost because it still hasn't arrived, can you help?
Can an apple watch be used to tup-up?
Do I have to pay extra if I use an international card to top up my account?
please tell me why my top-up failed.
How old do my kids need to be to open an account?
Can I use app to freeze account and dispute fraud?
Why is a payment I made reverted back to my account?
Why did my top-up get reverted?
I was transferring some money to a friend, which I thought would be free, but I see there is a charge.  What's up with that?
What age do you have to be?
why do you charge for transfers?
Are cheques accepted to my account? Mine didn't seem to work.
I need to set up an account for my daughter, how would I do that?
Why am I seeing a fee for transferring money?
Are there any restrictions to where I can use my card?
What is the price for an additional card?
Can I change my pin at an atm?
Can you freeze my card because someone used it while I was out of town. I did not make these purchases.
What is the maximum number of transactions I can do with a disposable card?
When will I get a virtual card? I haven't gotten one yet
Where do I find my card PIN?
why hasnt my card come in yet?
I wanted to purchase some crypto. The app will not let me. What's going on here? I really want to make this exchange.
I can't seem to figure out why my transfers are getting declined.
I have a reverted top up I made and wanted to know why it didn't go through.
I don't think the charges made when I had currency exchanged are right.
I see that I have been charged multiple times for the same transaction.
how come the verification with the top up
I've already tried 5 times to complete a transfer that's just standard. What's the deal? Is your system down at this time?
Which fiat currencies are supported by you?
I need to transfer money into my account, HOW?
I was charged two times for the same thing.
Why isn't my refund on my statement?
I just topped off my card will I be charged for it?
Why do i have an extra fee on my statement?
Will you accept my credit card, it my only one.
I need to transfer to my account and cant.
I may have entered the PIN wrong and the account is blocked.  What do I have to do to get it unblocked.
I'm pretty sure something went wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble to UK pounds and was charged way too much!
Why did withdrawing money cost me extra?
I lost my wallet and all my cards were in it.
I want to auto top-up.
Someone else used my card to withdraw cash from an ATM
Please help me as i am continuously facing the issue in transferring money to my friends, as all my transactions are getting failed.
Where is the card PIN?
Where do i find my PIN?
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I don't know what the problem is.
I think that the exchange rate for the withdrawal of my cash is not right.
Someone is using my card to purchase flights to New York it's not me because I'm not going to New York, please can you cancel the card and refund the money?
Should i reinstall the payment app?
I would like to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service you're providing
Why do I have a pending cash withdrawal?
Is my card broken?
Any charges applicable for new card?
I live in Germany. Is that one of the countries you are in? What other countries are you in?
Can you tell me why a cheque deposit isn't showing in my balance?
How come the money from the merchant appeared back into my account?
How do I order a disposable virtual card?
Why has my payment been reversed?
How many cards can I have?
I just saw some charges on my card from the past days that I dont recognize, I need to freeze the card asap! Will I be able to get my money back?
I've tried many times to make a payment, but it's not going through.  What's wrong?
What would the approximate delivery date be if I transferred something urgently to China?
Why is the transaction not posting?
Can I have a mastercard?
What's the tracking on the card you sent?
Why does top-up need to be verified?
I'm interested in using fiat currencies, which do you support?
I want to link to my card card with you, how?
There is a withdrawal in my account I didn't make.
I wasn't able to withdraw money at an ATM
my virtual card has not came yet!
I just got my card.  It's not linked yet--how do I do that?
My card payment was cancelled it seems.
How do I change my pin while traveling?
Can you please tell me why my transfer failed?
Which cards and currencies do you support?
Tell me what the steps for the identity checks are
I know there's an auto-top option but I can not locate it when I look?
Explain why I can't do a transfer to an account.
How do your exchange rates factor in?
Is it possible to get a card outside the UK?
I am having issues with identity verification
If I see a payment in the app that I don't recognize, what should I do?
When I tried to pay in a store my card din't work
A transaction is repeated several times on my account.
Why was my payment reversed?
What do I do to Top up my card?
I don't want the item, I bought it on accident, can I get a refund?
Is the top-up amount unlimited?
I want to revert this mornings transaction.
There's an unauthorized direct debit in my app.
I don't know my password anymore.
I ordered something ages ago online but it's simply not arriving. I've got enough! Give me back my money, I'm not paying these people.
Does it cost me anything to top up my account via bank transfer?
What on earth is up with the exchange rate! This should have been a much higher amount of cash
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that in reality I didn't make. Maybe someone has access to my card?Can you check whats the issue ?
Is there any way to cancel a recent transfer?  I did not mean to make it and need to make sure it does not go through.
What is your policy on withdrawing cash from an ATM? There is a fee on my account that wasn't there before I paid for my groceries.
How do I order another card?
I went to withdraw some cash earlier today, but seems the ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash! The amount showing up in the app is a lot more
Im not sure why Im being charged an extra fee just for purchasing an item from another country? I paid for the item and the shipping why am I getting charged extra?
I have an unauthorized charge.
How much would it cost me for a bank transfer to top up my account?
The exchange rate was incorrect for this item I bought.
My refund for a purchase hasn't  cone through yet.
My statement doesn't show that a refund has processed
I want to get some cash from the ATM using my card but I dont want to be charged any fees. Ive taken some money out before with no fees, but recently Ive been getting charged. Why?
Why isn't my virtual card working?
What kind of fee is there to top-up my account?
What can I use to receive my salary?
Does it cost me to add cash?
What are the steps for the identity checks?
What amount can I top-up?
In what ATM can I change my pin?
How do I get an actual card?
Can you delete my account please?
Is this app capable of exchanging currencies?
I need to make a transfer, what will the fee be?
My actual card isn't functioning.
My order needs to be canceled.
I want to open an account for my children
Can I change my PIN at any ATM?
Does your app allow currency exchanges between USD and GBP?
Can you tell me how to link one of your cards that I already have?
I am waiting for my card to arrive.
I don't understand why I was charged extra for withdrawing money?
I no longer want to keep this account.
I swear that there are 2 payments on the app that I didn't make.  Could my card me stolen?  Please advise what I should do.
What kind of ATM's can I use?
How do I get my cash withdrawal to show?
Why am I not able to verify my id?
Are their fee's for top ups?
There was a charge applied when I used my card.
How much would an extra card cost?
I need to get a disposable virtual card?
Why can't I take cash out of the ATM?
there is a transaction on my account that i didnt make
A transaction is showing more than once.
When will the transfer be completed?
There's a cash withdrawal that  didn't make that is showing up.
I want to top up by using a credit card, which ones do you support?
I've forgotten my passcode. Can I reset?
I got a transfer fail message, but no explanation of why-- what happened?
What options do I have for holding currencies?
Last Saturday, I made a payment and the exchange rate was wrong.  I was charged too much.
I've been to several different countries, can I exchange the cash with a discount for a large transaction?
Why is a payment showing up on my card as pending?
What do I do if my smart phone was stolen?
There's a payment in my history I don't recognize
How can I cancel a transaction to a wrong account?
I deposited cash but it isn't showing up in my account
I visited the ATM but got less money than what I requested. Why?
The ATM charged me an extra fee, Why?
How do I troubleshoot when contactless doesn't work?
I answered so many questions about my identity. Why do you need this info?
Can I change my PIN in Austria?
I need to activate my card can you do that now?
Can I already use my account although the identity verification has not passed yet?
How can I change my account details?
How can I sign up for a virtual card?
There are funds showing in my app that I did not receive.
I would like to use this cheque to top up.  Can you tell me how to do that?
I noticed an extra pound charge?
Where can I receive my card?
What can I do if contactless doesn't work?
What is your check-cashing policy?
Is it possible to get another card?
I can't seem to get my virtual card to work.
I transferred some cash and it has not arrived yet.
Do I need to verify my top-up?
When do I get my card PIN?
As my kids get older are they able to get set up with their own accounts?
I'm not sure why my account has been refunded a payment for an item I've already received about 2 weeks ago. Can you please tell me what is going on?
There is a strange payment on my statement. What should I do?
What's the deal? My card was just denied for top up. Why is it not going through?
There is a payment showing on my app that I didn't do. Will you please cancel this payment and refund my money ?
How can I cancel this transaction?
Are cards available in the EU?
What do I need to do to verify my identity?
is there something blocking me from making transfers
I was out today looking forward to pay with my new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
What currences are available for exchange?
I noticed additional charges when transferring?
What do I do if I got the wrong amount at the ATM?
How can I get a second card for my daughter?
Why has my card been declined?
If I transfer money from my bank to top-up my account will I be charged?
I need several disposable cards made per day.
I left my phone at the hotel.
Where did this 1 euro fee come from?
How does the exchange rate work on this app?
Hello, I see that I have been charged an extra $1 on my app.  Could you please provide me with a reason for this charge?
My card arrived but I need to make it work in the app, how do I do that?
Who should I contact if the amount of my withdrawal doesn't correspond to the amount that I tried to take out of my account?
I got a new address and need to change my information.
I want to have multiple currencies in my account if possible.
Hi, Today i have tried to make payment by my new card, but payment got declined many times. I am very disappointed, please look into this.
What types of foreign money can be used with this service.?
When using my card I was charged a fee for doing so, why?
Why was there an extra charge because I used my card to pay?
In regards to my card payment, the exchange rate is incorrect.
Why hasn't a transaction I did to my friend arrived yet?
Explain to me how to verify the top-up card.
How do I use the app to exchange currencies?
where do I go to top up with cash?
I just got my new card and tried using it and it was declined?
What is the exchange rate for EUR?
My product was faulty.
Purchases I did not make are appearing in my bank statement?
A transaction I did to my friend hasn't arrived yet, why?
I have tried transferring money numerous times.  All I keep getting is an error message.  Can you tell me what is going on and how this van be fixed?
Can I use cash to top up
I cant transfer money into my account
I can't see a refund for a return I completed recently.
I have some transactions on my account I did not make. Can you cancel my card and prevent further use.
How long until I see a cash withdrawal?
Where do I change my PIN?
What needs to be provided for identity verification?
What flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
Think someone has took money out with my card. What shall I do?
how much you charge for exhcange
What ATMs use this card?
My top up keeps showing pending?  How long will things be like this?  Days, weeks, months?  I need the money quite urgently for an important coffee purchase, can you please let me know when top up will work?
Why did a transfer get declined?
I've checked multiple times to make sure the account number listed is the right one after attempting to make a transfer within the country the day before yesterday. The transfer is still not available so can you please find out what is going on?
What fee will be charged for exchanges?
Why would my card payment get reverted?
My transfer has not arrived.
On a card top-up, where can I verify?
I am out of money in my account and I was wondering if I could do a bank transfer is put more in it?
I couldn't get the money I needed.
One of my payments was doubled
What is the return policy?
How do I replace my card before it expires next month?
Can I open up an account for my child?
If I need to top up with cash where should I look?
I want a refund for my purchase
Hurry and refund me, I am waiting
I made this payment days ago so why hasn't it gone through yet?
I would like to better understand why my pass-code is not working.
What kind of fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
What currency can I use to add money?
I deposited a check yesterday to up my account balance, but that deposit hasn't shown up yet.  It's been a day already!
I received my salary in GBP. How do I change this to my currency?
Where can I get a disposable virtual card?
Is there a reason why my card was declined when I attempted to withdraw money?
I have just read my statement and there is a payment I don't recognise.
Why hasn't the app verified my identity?
Do I have to verify the top-up?
Can I change my pin number at a cash machine?
My top-up was cancelled and I am writing to ask if I need to complete the 3D Secure authentication section before I submit it.
Is there a reason my transfer would have been declined?
Where can I withdraw money from?
Can I withdraw from any ATM?
I'm still awaiting for the completion of the transaction.
Do you support all fiat currencies?
What is the fee charged for using my card?
Could it be that I deactivated my card, its not working?
How do I activate my new card
There is a direct debit charge that I don't recognize, what can I do?
I can't figure out how to change GBP to AUD, what do I do?
What do I need to do for the card activation?
I need to find the top up verification code
Why did my payment go back to my account when I bought something?
Salary in GBP has been received, does it need to be configured elsewhere?
I would like an account for my children, how do I go about doing this?
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there?? What happened to my money?
Why did the person I transferred money to not receive the correct amount? What should I do to get them the right amount, do I have to transfer more money to them?
I got a fee for an ATM withdrawal.
I forgot my code to get into the app.
I can't remember my app code, can you reset it?
How can I activate my new card?
How long does it take for a transfer to be in my account?
Is it possible to order a card?
Can I get a disposable virtual card?
I just made a top-up but it shows as pending! I use your service all the time and have never had a problem before. Why does it keep showing up as pending?
Tell me what I should do after my card expires.
There is an unauthorized fee.
Is there a few for exchanging foreign currencies?
How do I activate my card so I can start using it?
I submitted a transaction to the incorrect account.
There is a fee from a transfer that is not supposed to be here!
Can I make transfers before identity verification?
for some reason I am having a problem with verifying my identity.
I am having problems with my contactless.
Could you please tell me why my card payment didn't work?
Where are you getting your exchange rates from?
I need to change details about my personal account.
What type of ATMs accept this card?
Looks like my card payment was made two time by mistake. I went to pay at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App is on pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
I have completed a transfer but it is not showing up.
Help! I'm missing money, I deposited a cheque but its not showing on my balance.
I'm interested in getting a virtual card.  How do I get one?
How can I top up with Google Pay?
How much to exchange currencies?
There is a payment that i made that i noticed has not gone thru yet. Can i ask why?
My transfer has been declined and I know it should have went through.
I know I have enough funds in my account but my card payment hasn't worked for some reason. What do I do?
I was charged a fee when withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
What card or currency can I use to pay?
Can I exchange currencies with the app?
There is a payment that is not mine in the app.  Please advise/
Someone else might be using my card without my permission.
How long will my transfer be pending?
I've been waiting for over an hour for a top up to go through.  How long is this supposed to take?  I really need this money.
Hi! I'm a university student studying abroad and I noticed that when I was trying to cross-reference my budget for this month that there were extra fees I was not expecting. Why is that? I've had this account for years and I haven't had any trouble so far, it might not even be on your all's end since I'm still new to international travel and finance, but I wanted to double check in case a mistake was made!
Hey I tried to get some money out earlier but the machine didn't work. Now just saw the transaction still seems in progress! Can you please check what's going there, seems something is broken, I don't want to be charged for money that I haven't actually received!
Can I set my own top-up limit?
What do I need to do to activate my new card?
Why does my transfer keep failing? I've tried 5 times and they all failed.
I deactivated my card but would like to reactivate it.
My Google pay top up isn't working. Help.
Contactless isn't working for me
What countries can I use my account in?
I am so angry right now!  I went to the ATM and did not get the correct amount of money I chose to withdraw.  How could this happen?  I need my money and want to know how I can get it ASAP!
My account was charged a debit payment I don't recognize.
What's the reason for needing to verify my identity?
What is the cost of a transfer?
My card is almost going to expire.
I think someone stole money from my card
Is there a top-up feature, if there isn't a lot of money left?
Can I top up from my Apple Watch?
How do i transfer money using my credit card?
Can i make transactions before identity verification is complete?
I have lost my phone.
Where can the card be used?
How can I deposit money to my account?
Are there charges for topping up US cards?
I made a payment with my card that was cancelled?
I have a duplicate payment on my card.
I think someone might have a copy of my card because a 500 dollar withdrawal was made, and it wasn't me. Can you please help?
What's the best way to use a cheque to top up?
I found my card, how can I use it again?
Can you refund my purchase?
The virtual card won't work.
I did a transfer to my account, but it hasn't shown up
Why can I not transfer money into my account?
My card payment was reverted.  Why?
Why wasn't my contactless accepted at the metro?
Are there any fees if I want to add money using an international card?
Which ATMs accept this placard ?
I thought I lost my card but I found it today, so I would like to reactivate it.
Can I verify the source of my funds?
Tell me how to reset the passcode.
My top-up hasn't happened yet.
Is there a disposable virtual card?
I made a transfer and they haven't received the money I sent them.
How do i finalize a card payment
how long does it take to get my card i am in a rush
Can I cancel a transfer I made
Why do I have to verify the top-up?
Can I use my virtual card to complete transactions for memberships?
Everytime I try to prove my identity it won't let me.
What's the right way to activate my card?
Do you know the reason why my card payment was declined?
Why hasn't my payment gone through?
How high is the exchange fee?
Am I charged if I make a top-up?
Is it possible to use my credit card to transfer money?
Are purchases returnable for full refund?
My phone was stolen, what can I do?
My statement does not reflect that a refund has been issued
Are there any fiat currencies that you will not work with?
I can't see a top-up top-up verification code.
Can I cancel an order if I haven't received the item yet? And how can I get my money back? Please help. Thanks.
Why have I been charged an extra £1?
places i can use the card
Can I activate my card?
Can I go ahead and use my account even though my identify hasn't been verified yet?
It didn't give me my cash
Hello I made a bank transfer couple hours ago from my UK account but it doesn't show up yet. Can you please check if everything is alright with it?
why must I prove ID
I believe there is a mistake because a payment I didn't make shows in my app.
my phone was lost
I see a direct debit transaction in my app that I didn't make.
May I exchange currencies with this?
I would like to change my adress
Should i uninstall the app before i try it again?
What's up with the fee for getting cash?
I just went through a old statement and noticed that a very large payment went through and i did not make it. It was from a few months ago, can I still dispute the payment?
Hi, I made a transfer from France two days ago and thought it would be here by now. Can you give me an update please?
Is there an age limit to get an account?
I was charged the wrong exchange rate on a purchase
Do you accept all cards and currencies?
I want to transfer money into my account, what do I do?
Why does top-up need verifying?
Could I raise a dispute for a large payment that i found out was not done by me in my couple of last statements? I am aware its delayed now. Please help me out.
I wanna revert a transaction i did this morning.
I'm on vacation in Europe but I desperately need to change my PIN. Can I do this from abroad?
My money has gone missing. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's missing. What is happening?
Can you tell me about the exchange fee?
what does pending mean?
I think my card was stolen.
My contactless payments have not been completed successfully.
Hello, I went ahead and checked my account details to be sure, and they are definitely correct.  I've had a transfer pending for a while, and I can't understand why it hasn't gone through yet.
Is there a way my new card can be renewed?
Ive been trying to use my card for two weeks now to purchase somethings online but nothing is going through. It keeps returning my payment to my account. There shouldn't be anything wrong with my account, is it the card?
How long does it take for my payment to process?
How do I set up my card PIN?
I would like to top up via credit card, which credit cards do you support?
How do I change my address ?
If I want to exchange currency, will there be extras?
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not make by me .Never seen that it before.
What do I do to verify a top-up?
What do I do if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
I lost the code and can not get into the app. Help!
Is there any way I could open an account for my daughter?
This company sucks! Can you terminate my account?
I am still waiting for a refund
Is it possible to get a card if I'm not in the UK?
I NEED HELP WITH MY CARD!!!!! please. It keeps getting declined when I try to use it. I have tried a few times to use it and it keeps getting rejected. I have no idea why.
Do you know the closest ATM?
How do I verify the top up?
Why won't my card show up on the app?
Can you give me information about verification code?
I would like to use top-up with my Apple Pay.
My refund has not arrived, and I am unsure why. Who do I contact?
Why has my top up been cancelled
Where can I go to modify my detail?
When traveling, is it possible for it to add money at specific time intervals?
When trying to get more than one card is there a extra amount that needs to be paid?
Where can I find my PIN?
I want to cancel a transfer I just made.
I want to make an online purchase but I don't want to use my credit card. Can you tell me how a disposable virtual card works and where I can apply for one?
I topped up recently and saw the money go through, but now it's just gone? What's going on
Why do you ask for top-up verification?
I was recently mugged and would like to know if I have to have access to the app to use your services and how I would go about setting up your services on a new device belonging to a current user?
What is the source of the money in my account?
explain the interbank exchange rate
When I got cash, my exchange rate was wrong.
why cant you just refund me instead of a merchant
What do I do if I have forgotten my passcode?
How long will a transfer be pending for?
How fast can you fix an error in payment?  I made a payment in the wrong account yesterday and it needs to be adjusted by tomorrow for my rent.
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew wasn't correct.
Why didn't the ATM give me my money?
My credit card did not go through. Can you see if it has insufficient funds?
Do you limit my top-ups?
I tried to withdraw cash, but got declined!
I'd like to have extra cards. Will I have to pay for that?
How long does an item I bought show as pending?
I want to add funds to my account. What payment methods are accepted?
How can I get a card sent to China?
Where's the button to top up with a cheque?
I accidentally left my phone at the hotel so now I'm not able to use the app.
I'm not sure how disposable virtual cards work. Please help.
My disposable virtual card is not working
Can I change to another currency?
I need help with activating my card
Is there a way to view the history on where my funds came from?
My top-up was rejected by an app.
I need to modify my details.
How do I activate a card?
I have heard about these disposable virtual cards but don't understand how they work.
I tried to make a transfer and it didn't work.
I want to know about your refund policy.
My transfer says pending. What does that mean?
My wallet doesn't show my recent top up.
My statement shows a 1£ purchase pending. I do not remember making this purchase, please let me know what this is about.
How much longer do I have to wait until my transaction is complete? I transferred money to another country many hours ago and the transaction is still pending.
What fees apply when using a card?
Where do I find a virtual card?
Hi, I am unable to see transaction in my account which i made couples of hours ago from my UK account. Please help me in this.
I was wondering if you will take any fees in exchange for top ups?
Is there any cost to change foreign money to local?
Are there any reasons that my identity wouldn't be accepted even though everything I've provided is factual?
When will my top up be applied?
Where do I activate my card?
How can I put more money into my account?
What is the maximum number of transactions that I can put on a disposable card?
Why am I not able to withdraw cash from this ATM?
I was looking to buy another card today.
I want to be sure that everything is okay here. I just made a transfer from a UK account and it is still not showing up. How long does this typically take?
What are the charges for receiving a SEPA transfer?
The top up failed
Do I qualify for a visa card?
What is the point of an identity check?
If you send me more cards, are there any charges?
How long does a transfer stay pending?
My wallet isn't showing my top-up, did I do something wrong?
I have a fee listed for a transfer.
Why was a charged just for transferring?
CAN YOU EXPLAIN HOW TO TRANSFER MONEY INTO MY  ACCOUNT FOR ME?
How long do I need to wait til my top up isn't pending?
What is the process to change my PIN?
Can you tell me why a refund I'm owed is not showing on my statement?
How do I know what the exchange rate will be when I make an exchange.
I think someone copied the numbers on my card and is using them.
when i travel can it top up automatically
My exchange went wrong. I swapped Russian Ruble for UK pounds and was charged too much.
Where do I get a virtual card?
what is the process for setting up a pin
I got double charged!
I have the cash already, my account still shows up as pending.  How can my account be still pending?
Why was I unable to do a transfer?
How can I prove I am me?
my cash out is still pending
What is my password?
Is there a tracking number for the card?
Hi, Please help me to request cash back. As i have been withdrawn money from ATM, but i got wrong amount. in Application its showing the amount i have been charged through.
How long to UK transfers usually take? I made a transfer but it didn't pop up in my history yet. I just want to make sure it went through.
Someone has my card number, freeze my account.
Foreign currency rates were put in wrong at an ATM i used.
Why is my beneficiary not being allowed to get payment services?
Why are you charging me fees for using my card?
I tried using my card today and it's not working, can you help me?
My top-up was reverted, why did this happen?
When will I be able to see the refund
Even though I added money ey to the card, I couldn't use it
in china, need new card
How can I go about resetting my passcode?
I need my refund
I bought something, but the exchange rate looks wrong.
Can someone assist me with the details explaining which fiat currencies that you support?
The app shows a withdrawal that I did not make or authorize.
Hello,  I noticed the money for an item I purchased online and have already received has been returned to my checking account. Was there an issue with the merchant accepting my payment? Or, possibly, with the bank sending it?
I transferred some money but the balance stayed the same.
I checked my account and see that funds were deducted from a seller I didn't approve of. Can you help me understand?
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there, what is happening?
I did not make this payment that I see in the App.
What is the cause that the transfer shows as pending?
has my card payment been reverted?
I believe I got a wrong exchange rate when I got cash.
For a week now, I have tried to use my card and it is still not working.
Why did I get charged a fee on my card?
My transfer didn't work how come?
Is there an age minimum?
Where can I use a disposable card?
I want to know how many different currencies my money can be in
To receive money are there charges?
My cash transaction isn't showing on my receipt
Please help me make a transfer. I keep receiving an error and I'm trying to make the initial mortgage payment for a flat I'm buying. What is the deal here?
Do you support direct deposits from my employer?
Do you accept checks?
Rates were applied wrong while using foreign currency at an ATM.
How do I make more than one disposable card in a day?
is there a way to change name?
Is topping up free?
A payment is showing twice. Why is that?
Could you explain your rules for ATM fees?
How can I stop fraud on my account right now?
The service here is horrible, I want to delete my account.
I need it delivered by Saturday.
Using your app, would I be able to exchange between USD and GBP?
How long does it take for a bank transfer to show on my balance?
I got a message saying I made a withdrawal from the bank machine, but I did not.
I don't think my card payment exchange rate is correct.
What is the auto top up function and where can I find that at?
I tried to use my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym and it got rejected. Any ideas why?
How and where can I find the identity checks?
How do I link an existing card?
Why are you charging fees on cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after buying groceries. There's a fee that wasn't there before.
I no longer want this account, what should I do?
How much is the fee for a SEPA transfer?
The ATM didn't give me what I asked for but my balance says it did
What is the reason when I tried to pay contactless at the bus, it didnt work?
I no longer have my phone with the app, what should I do?
What are the fees imposed when I make a transaction?
I have an unauthorized direct debit on my account
Can i have a virtual card?
what is the most i can top up?
Why is there a direct debit set up in my name?
I sent some money and the account hasn't recived the transfer I made.
What are the steps to activate the card, as it does not seem to work?
What stores will take my credit card as payment?
I sent some money and the receiver can't access it.
Is there a charge for using an European bank card for top up?
I tried to make a transfer like five different times. Why won't your system let me? Is it broke?
I forgot the code I need to get into the app.
What countries are getting support?
I need to know the time frame that is typical for a transfer from a UK account. I just made a transfer and it doesn't appear. I want to make sure everything is okay.
Do I have to change my PIN at a bank?
how do I get top up to work for my card
if i found a lost card can i put it back in app
What are disposable cards?
Can I use a different currency with my salary?
I've been waiting for something that i've ordered for months now and it still hasn't arrived. I genuinely don't know what this company is doing, but put plainly, i've had enough. Please issue a refund immediately, i would not like to waste anymore of my time on these people.
I made a deposit and the balance hasn't been updated.
How long does it take to activate my card?
I am inquiring about a $1 charge on my statement.
I haven't received the money from the check I deposited.
I'm happy with Mastercard and want to stick with just that credit card.
The app declined my top up. What did I do wrong?
how much for topping up by card?
Hello! I recently made a purchase and I'm needing to cancel my order and process a refund as soon as possible.
How do I get extra physical cards?
Are there any limits to were my card is accepted?
Is there any limit to the amount I can add to a card at a time?
How long does it take for a transfer?
Is there any amount in which I would get cut off from topping up?
I cannot locate the verification code for my top-up card. Please help me.
Needed gas, been delayed for half an hour.Please fix it!
Transaction refund missing from my statement.
I would like a temporary virtual card
When topping up by transfer, will I be charged?
Who can I speak with regarding a lost card?
My pin needs unblocking, unblock it please?
I transferred some money and it didint arrive
Can I open an account for my children?
What is the time frame for a transfer from the US?
I transferred some money a couple days ago but haven't received it yet. How long should I expect to wait?
Where are the ATMs that accept this card?
My transfer to another account was not allowed. Why is that?
I am only 17. Can I make an account?
Why was my withdrawal requested cancelled by the ATM?
I was at the ATM trying to made a withdraw and I was declined.
Why is my virtual card is being declined?
There has been a transfer pending in my account and I wanted to know how long it is going to take to go  through.
I need AUD not GBP, how do I change it?
Is there any way I can get more physical cards to use with my account?
My card is about to expire.  How do I get a new card?
Top-up is loaded into the card and no update.
What do I have to do to cancel a transfer?
My card wont work at an ATM
whats your exchange rate
For physical cards, do you charge?
How can I reset my darned PIN number?
I need help from someone in your department with finding my nearest ATM.
When will a transfer from the US post?
Show me how can my friends top up my account.
There is a potentially fraudulent direct debit on my account.
I question today's exchange rate for rubles into pounds. I was hoping for a better return.
Help me close my account.
What are the charges if I exchange foreign currency?
Why haven't I been given a virtual card yet?
What countries do your accounts send and receive to?
Too many times I entered the incorrect PIN.  How can I get my account unblocked?
Why do you need verification for my identity?
How do I change my information?
Why is my payment still pending?
Why did my money disappear when I topped up??
Which locations can I withdraw money from?
I did not make a direct debit payment as listed on my app
Did you revert my top up?
There is more than one charge on my account for a transaction.
why isnt top up working
How do I find the PIN?
Reasons for top up cancellation.
Can you help me reset my passcode? I forgot it.
I need to find the card I received in the app.
How dp i top up with a cheque ?
There is a payment in the app that I did not approve
Why did I get charged more for using my card?
Can I make a withdraw if I am out of country from with out any fees at an ATM?
My withdrawals were going smooth until I got declined today. What is going on?
Why is my withdrawal from the ATM still showing as pending?
How long do cheques take to post to your account?
My order hasn't shown up yet, what can I do?
Will there be additional costs of I make a withdrawal from a local ATM of British pounds? I need some cash to feel comfortable on the journey home
Hello, I tried to take out some money out of the ATM, but it's still showing that it's pending? I really don't want to be charged for this.
The ATM keeps rejecting my Payment. I tried two different ATMs but did not work .Can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
I am not able to do a transfer to an account
I only have a card from the US is that okay?
Can my PIN changed remotely without visiting a bank?
why couldn't I get cash in the ATM?
Can you help me? I have a duplicate transaction on my account and I don't understand why.
Are there any charges for topping up a US-issued card?
I need to exchange foreign currency will i be charged?
I need to verify the source of funds.
What businesses accept this card?
What does it mean to have a pending cash withdrawal?
I am seeing unathorized transactions in the app, on my account.
I attempted to top-up with my card this morning, but the transaction was unsuccessful. I received the card two days ago and was successful using it previously. Could you please help me?
When I tried to transfer funds to my friend today I was unable to do so, why?
Why are the things I bought earlier today still showing as pending?
As advised by you, i requested seller to refund my money. A week has passed but i haven't got any update from seller. Please track the refund with the seller.
I got less cash because of the exchange rate.
How come my cash withdrawal came with an unnecessary fee?!
Is it possible to get a refund?
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Pls it's urgent
What's the procedure for getting a card?
There is the same transaction showing more than once.
Please show me how my friend can send me money.
How can I get my card out of the ATM?
At what places accept my card?
You accepts my card?
I no longer want to transfer funds, can we cancel that transaction?
Is there a maximum i can top up?
It has been forever ago that I made an order online. The product simply is not coming. Just give me back my money because I'm not paying these people.
my card was not in the mail again can you advise?
I want to buy cryptocurrency, but your app doesn't let me. Why?
What cards and currencies do you support?
Can I hold money in other currencies?
I want to know which currencies and cards are supported, can you provide a list?
How much do I have to pay if I want to transfer money?
What is the timeframe for a transfer in Europe?
what are your exchange rates at?
How do I pay by check?
On my last transaction it seem that my top-up was not successful.
What are the steps for depositing cash into my account?
If I wanted to make a change from GBP to AUD what is the process?
How long should I have to wait before I see the transfer in my account?
Can I withdraw money in my hometown currency while on holiday without any additional fees?
My money's disappeared from my account! I topped up the other day and it was there, but now it's not. Help?
It is urgency. Please freeze my card now. As someone in some odd remote town has withdrawn some money by using my card. As i did not withdraw any money.
I was not given the amount of cash I withdrew
How long will it take for the transfer to reach my account?
I might need to exchange between USD and GBP, is this possible with your app?
Can you tell me what to do to reset my passcode?
Is there a way to top up using my Apple Watch?
need to exchange currencies
If I am in China, can I still order a new card and if so, how?
My card needs to be topped up.
How can my friend send money to me?
How do I report my card as lost or stolen?
How do I link the new card?
Why am I not allowed to verify my id?
How do I check security settings on my card?
My money transfer hasn't appeared yet.
Help!  The app has an ATM withdrawl that I didn't make.
How many cards am I allowed?
What businesses can I use this card with?
I'm not recognizing the card payment.
I did a bank transfer and my balance isn't current.
I just got my card and cannot get it to work.
There was a transaction from two weeks ago from a business that I don't know. I'm fairly certain it wasn't me who made it, but is it an option to trace it to confirm?
I tried to top-up but it got denied.
Does it cost anything to do currency exchanges?
Why was I declined at the ATM today when I was trying to make a withdraw?
How to cancel a transaction
How do I order a virtual card?
Do I have to pay for a second card?
How can I order my card?
How do I link this new card?
I noticed that there's a payment on my card that's pending.
I purchased something and the seller hasn't received the money yet, but it has been deducted from my account.
What is the purpose of the extra fee that is showing up on my statement?
Are there any discounts in exchanging currencies frequently?
Is my PIN the same thing as my passcode?
Where can I deposit cash to top up?
There is an extra $1 charge on my statement, why is that?
where is my unknown payment from?
I requested a refund from Next because the dress I purchased had three arm holes. They said they sent the refund last Wednesday which is nearly a week ago and I still don't have it.  Why not?
Can you lookup my password?
Can I top up my account with Google Pay?
My transfer went through, but it seems to be caught up in a pending status.  This was very important that it got done quickly, can you give me a status update on how long it will take?
I can't figure out how to transfer money into my account.
Why do you keep declining my payment? I tried several times already with this card and it's just not working
What does it mean when a cash withdrawal is pending?
What should I do if I think that someone else may be using my card.
Why didn't I receive all the cash I requested?
My card failed to work when I was shopping in a store
There is a payment in the App that is not mine.
My transfer to a beneficiary was rejected.
This company is bad, delete my account now.
I need information about an extra €1 fee in my statement.
Where do I get a disposable card
Why wouldn't the contactless payment work when I tried to pay at the bus today?
I think that the exchange rate was wrong for the payment made last Saturday - I was charged extra.
My top up is pending.
what are the reasons I have to proof my identity to you?
What currencies does google pay top up accept?
I want to order a card. Where do you deliver to?
A shop I go to didn't let me pay.
What is my card's PIN?
The card payment is declined.  Please inform me why.
Why was I charged a random fee for a transfer I made?
I put some money in my account the other day and it's not gone in yet, can you help with this?
I don't have the means to prove my identity.
Can I get a physical card for free, or is there a charge?
Using Google Pay, can I top up?
I forgot what my pin number is and now am blocked can you help me get in?
My cheque is slow to cash
What  is the verification process for a top up card?
Can you explain why I am now getting charged a fee for using my card?
Why do you need code verification for my top up?
I only received $20, but I requested $100.
I just got an email in confirming my purchase with my card. I login to the mobile app on the card and found out there are several purchase were made without me aware of it. Evidently someone had stole my card information and made these fraudulent purchase. I need the transaction to be reverse and have my card suspended.
After I got my cash, I found out my exchange rate was wrong.
Is my PIN sent separably?
To deliver to the US, how long will it take?
I want a new PIN please.
Can I pick a new PIN?
How long will it take to get to me?
Why was I charged when taking out money?
I tried to withdraw $100 but only got $20. What happened?
Can I add to my account using a cheque?
I did not get the cash that is showing up in my app.
do i have to talk to someone to close an account or can i in the app
I can't make purchases with my virtual card.
I need help as fast as possible! I made a mistake on my most recent transfer; can you please stop it before it goes through?
I made a transfer for my rent payment about 2 days ago, but my landlord hasn't received it yet. It shows as done on my  side, and I've double check all account numbers and they are correct. Can you verify that the transaction was actually made?
If my cash withdrawal is still not showing, is something wrong?
After putting in the wrong PIN too many times, I was blocked. Can you assist me in changing it?
My card doesn't accept any transaction at all. What's wrong??
I don't think I made this transaction on my statement
How come I'm not allowed to transfer funds right now? I just keep getting an error message.
I do not remember purchasing anything for 1£, and it is on my statement. Can you please tell me what that is about?
I have a pending cash withdrawal
How can I fix my bank transfer to show up on my bank account?
How can I use my American Express to add money into my account?
Which currencies can I use to add money?
I made a purchase earlier today but it is still listed as pending- when will it go through?
I looked at my statement and found a payment I and found a mistake.
My card expires soon
I've been charged more than once for the same transaction
How can you transfer my salary to my correct currency?
Do you allow exchanges of EUR?
I want to transfer money to a beneficiery. Why can't I?
Is it free to send out more cards?
make my account go away
I don't see my card anywhere in the app.
Why am I seeing a transfer fee on my bank statement?
Is there an age limit to when my child can use these services?
I am not sure how this will work, but I have not received a product I ordered.  I want a refund, but should I just cancel the payment?
I would like to know how exchange rates are calculated when transferring funds.
I need to refund my item, can you please help?
I received a message from a seller stating they hadn't received my money even though it definitely came out of my account. The money has now been deposited back into my account. Please get this resolved as soon as possible.
If I exchange currency frequently, can I get a discounted rate?
I made a payment and it is showing up twice
Do you charge extra for exchanging currencies?
What currencies do you accept for adding money?
what is source of my funds, need to verify
What exchange rate is it?
Hello, I recently ordered an item and I need help with cancelling and processing a refund as soon as possible. It's very important that I get my refund quickly.
I tried activating my card and it doesn't work how do I solve this problem?
Can you explain to me the way to verify my top up has gone through?
there is a charge i dont recognize
I am still waiting for a money transfer to process.
If my card becomes expired what can I do?
Is my card usable anywhere?
I need a new card before it expires.
What currencies do you support?
Looks like my top-up has been cancelled
Please give me both Visa and MasterCard, is it possible?
How do I get to the virtual cards?
Should I just wait until the post office sends a change of address form?
Will there be a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
I would like an extra card.
How do I use my new card?
I updated by balance with a cheque yesterday but it isn't showing on my account. Did something go wrong?
Someone transferred money to me and it doesn't show
If I need to do a quick transfer from China, how long should I expect the transfer to take?
My transfer is pending, why?
What is the charge for a physical card?
need to know where money comes from
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew was wrong.
I want to add money but don't know what currencies you accept, can you tell me?
Is there a fee for withdrawing cash?
Why haven't I seen the cash from the cheque I deposited yet?
I am not satisfied with your service.  Close my account.
What are the fiat currencies used?
I got less cash than what I specified for through the ATM.
I think the bank made a mistake on the exchange rates
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal is pending?
I have a strange transaction for £1 on my statement, what is that?
Why is there an extra dollar charged to my account?
Are there charges for cash withdrawals?
Why am I required to do an identity check?
Verify my source of funds?
What are the top-up fees?
Why has my money disappeared? I topped up earlier and seen it was there and had went through. What seems to be the problem?
There's an error in regards to the exchange rate for an item I bought.
Can I cancel a transfer
Are there restrictions to transfers to certain accounts?
Is there a reason I was charged a fee to transfer?
WHAT IS THE SOLUTION OF THIS PROBLEM
I got some cash out of the ATM over the holiday and it seems that I've been grossly overcharged. I wouldn't have done that if I knew of these outrageous charges!
What US credit cards do you accept?
Why did I get charged twice for the same thing
I took out money from a transaction machine and it exchanged the wrong dollar value amount from another currency!
Card activation is not working. What do i do?
I feel like too much money was taken during my currency exchange.
My recipient hasn't received the money
Can I see where my money came from?
Will the transfer show up in my account soon?
I don't know why my card payment did not work
how long should i expect to wait when i add money
Where do i go to receive a virtual card
How can I top up my account with a cheque?
how can i exchange currencies
There was just a withdrawal but it wasn't me, I've never even visited the town where the withdrawal happened.
Do you guys accept mastercard or visa?
Is there an additional charge to exchange currencies?
I have an outgoing transaction
I don't recognize some transactions.  Is someone else using it?
Hello, I have a question concerning an unfamiliar fee that I notice on my account. I see that you guys charge for ATM withdrawal. Never notice this fee until now. Can you please explain?
Can I schedule future top ups?
Where should I withdraw money from?
Will I be charged for topping up my account using a bank transfer?
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what is happening?
Looks like my top up failed.
My card payment has been declined, why?
Heyy I tried to top up with my card today but it failed! I just got the couple days before but it has worked last time. What's going on, can you double check please?
My card is showing multiple charges for the same items on my recent statement. I was wondering what actions of needed to take to fix this issue
Why didn't I receive the right amount of cash?
What can you tell me about getting a virtual disposable card?
Can you tell me where I can withdraw money?
Been trying to transfer money this morning but keep getting rejected. I don't understand why this is happening.
I am seeing pending from the card payment I made.
how can i add money to my account if you don't accept cash
When does my transfer from the US arrive in my account?
What is the max amount of top-ups?
I am not able to purchase anything online! I have been using my card on multiple sites over a period of two weeks and none of the payments have gone through. Why is this happening?
There is a direct debit charge on my account that I don't recognize.
I just got refunded for my purchase over two weeks ago
Where do I order my card?
where is theft-top option?
Can I change my name?  I am not married.
My passcode is not being accepted
I misplaced my card and I dont know where the last place is where I used the card last. Can you look at my account and tell me the last place I used the card?
Which fiat currencies do you currently support? Will this change in this future?
Where can I go to find out how to verify my identity?
I need my card quickly
What are the policies of disposable cards?
What can you do to unblock my pin?
What is the greatest number of times that I can top-up?
Why hasnt my top up gone through yet?? I thought it was suppose to be instant? Am I wrong? Why is it still pending?
How can I get disposable virtual cards?
My phone was stolen
I need my PIN, where is it?
I want to close my account. The service you provide is unsatisfactory to me.
Please help.  There is a payment in the app that isn't mine.
Is there a fee for adding funds with a credit card?
Why can I not get cash from the ATM?
I am having difficulties to verify my identity.
I need to get hold of a physical card?
How simple is it to transfer money into my account?
ATM apparently not working?  Couldn't access funds in my account?
Hey, I attempted to top up my card today and for some reason it didn't work. When I did it the other way it worked just fine. Could you help me figure out why this is happening please?
what is the limit for top-ups?
how long and how much does it cost for new card
How long should I wait for top up go go through ?
I was unaware of the additional charge that was added onto my previous payment. A notification of extra charges would be appreciated in the future.
It appears I have a fee in my statement.
It looks like my top up didn't work.  Why?
What are the disposable virtual card limits?
I see an unfamiliar payment on my statement.
I can't use the app.  My phone is lost at the hotel.
Why hasn't my money transfer shown up yet?
I wish to be able to top up with cash.
An unauthorized payment is in my app
I'm attempting to top-up my account but it has been pending for an hour.
My cash withdrawal was declined, why?
How long does a transfer to another country normally take? I check over and over again and see that my transfer is still pending. It's 2018, nothing should take this long. I have confirmed my account information, so there is no error. What is the hold up?
what are exchange rates
Exchange fee help?
what is the average wait for transfers
What locations allow me to withdraw money?
How can I get my physical card to work?
I think I see a withdraw I did not make.
I'd like to have another card
Can I receive a refund for my item?
Is there a limit on how much I can top up?
Do I get a choice between Visa and Mastercard?
Am I able to get a refund for something I bought?
My cards were stolen
i didnt do this charge
I did not make this card payment.
why are all my identity details required
What is the process for activating my card?
There is no way for me to prove my identity.
The  money I transferred does not show in the balance.
I was charged for a cash withdrawal, why?
If my transfer is from Europe how long will it take?
One of my card payments has reverted
How can I change my information?
When I made a purchase last Saturday, I was charged extra. Did I receive the right exchange rate?
There is money missing from my account.
Will you work with any fiat currencies?
I need a new login code
Is it possible to do auto top up?
A fee was charged for my recent withdrawal.
Why is my refund not visible on my statement?
I'd like to know what the foreign exchange rate will be.
Can I get an update on my replacement card?
If I top up by card, what options do I have re: currency and card type?
Hello,  In my most recent ATM transaction, I didn't receive nearly as much cash as I thought I would - what is your exchange rate policy?
My top up is giving me problems. What is wrong with it?
When exchanging, how much are the rates?
My card is no longer lost. How do I enter it back into the app?
I did not charge my account for that transaction.  That's an error.
My identity verification isn't working
I was getting some cash out of the ATM but it cancelled on me without warning.
How do I report fraud on my card?
Why did I have to pay a fee when I got cash?
I just received a new card, where do I go to link it to my account?
Can you change the rate for the item I bought in a different currency as it is wrong?
Can I make a withdraw in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and don't have cash with me. This is cause for a bit of concern. Is it possible to withdraw here without additional fees?
Can you please tell me why I was charged an extra fee on my transfer?
What all is needed for the identity verification?
With one disposable card how many transactions can i do?
Can I have a new card shipped to China?
What countries are you available in?
Help me cancel my transaction
There is a payment showing that I know I didn't make. I didn't use my card that day and I'm sure of it. Can you please cancel that transaction and return my money? Thankyou
Currently I can't get my card to work.
Can I transfer money using the SWIFT service?
There are multiple instances where you added a fee to the payment, as well as some where you didn't. Do you have an outline of when a fee will be added?
What is the number of days I have to wait for my Europe transfer?
It seems like I have been waiting forever for this international transfer. Why is it taking so long? C'mon, it's 2018, things happen at a click of a button. All of the account information is correct, so how long will this take?
I've attempted to do a very standard transfer and have tried 5 times at this point. Can you tell me what the issue is? Is the system down?
Can I reactivate my PIN?
Hi, during online shopping payment is getting declined yesterday and today as well. Please check the issue.
In the app, I see a withdrawal I didn't make.
Is there a fee for topping off by transfer?
how do i find top up for cash deposit
What are the exchange rates?
your company is awful, i would like to delete my account please
Is cash good to top up with?
card is lost, please help
Could you explain why my top-up has gone through yet?
Please tell me how I can receive a physical card
Can I have money in more than one currency in my account?
Why am I being charged twice fro a restaurant?
Where do you support?
What currencies is an exchange rate calculated in?
How can my account have money transferred into it?
How can I access my account when I have lost my phone?
I have been overcharged.
My card isn't here yet.
I think I was wrongly charged in a recent transaction when I used my card.
How do I auto top-up?
My marital status has change, I got to correct my name to reflect that.
I'm trying to use a cheque to top up
Payment I did not make.
Top up my card please, which y'all support?
I need help getting the virtual card to work.
There has a recent suspicious withdrawal on my bank account. Is it possible to freeze my card?
My account shows up as pending after I received cash from the ATM earlier.  How can this be still pending? I've got the cash already.
Hello, Just now i got to know withdrawal of money from of my account. As someone used my card to withdraw amount in any odd remote area. Since i have not been in that area, please freeze my card immediately.
I am having trouble with the app recognizing me.
I no longer have my passcode.
Can you help me figure out what is going on with a debit payment that is showing up on my account I am not sure is suppose to be there.
Will I be fined for topping up by transfer?
I have a new phone number and need to edit my contact information.
I want to skip verification of my identity.
Will I be charged for topping up by card?
I don't understand why you want so much of my personal info.
I didn't take out money from an ATM but my app statement shows that I did. How can I fix this?
I have a payment listed as cancelled.
Is there a way I can get a Visa card?
Do you have a list of businesses that accept this card?
When my card expires what is the cost of a replacement and how fast?
Why is the payment I made still pending?
My top-up was just cancelled.
I am chatting about an order from a long while back.  I never got it to this day and am deeply upset by this!  I want all of my money back!  I just can not accept paying for something I never got.
I do not know what this cash withdrawal is
How do I verify a top-up?
The cash I asked for still hasn't been received
Someone used my card without my permission.
My money transaction can't be seen by the person I sent it to
Hello, I'm having trouble with my card, I don't understand what's happening, I tried using the ATM machine earlier but it wasn't working but seems like the transactions is still in progress, can you cancel it for me?
I think I was charged double for something I bought - how long should I wait before reporting this?
How long do European transfers take?
Why can't I top up with a cheque?
How do I deposit cash?
There is a direct debit transaction on my statement that I think is not mine. How do I remove?
Where are the Mastercard ATMs?
I usually don't get charged for transfers, why was I this month?
Hello, can you please inform me about international transfers? I am expecting a transfer I made from France two days ago and would like to know when it will arrive.
How can I get my card to work?
I did a transfer to my account but it doesn't show up
Will I receive a new card when mine expires?
I need to know which flat currencies are supported by you.
Do you know where my card will be accepted?
Is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived?
There is a direct debit I do not recognise in my statement
Is there a local ATM that will provide British pounds, I have no money for my homeward journey and do not feel comfortable waiting until  I arrive in Britain. Will a withdrawal involve extra charges?
Can I get my paycheck through here?
I need several cards per day. And I need to be able to throw away all of the cards I make.
I'm interested in what your exchange rates are based on.
I don't want to give you all my identify details.
I made a transfer and the receiver said they haven't actually received the right amount, but it's a bit less. Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing bit. Can you please alert me about this, what has been going on?
There is an important thing from China that I need to transfer. Approximately how long will this take?
Why did my cash get charged a fee that should not be there.
So, I am in the middle of purchasing a flat. I need the money for the first mortgage payment and it is not going through. I keep receiving an error. Can you find out what's going on and help me complete this transfer?
Why do I have two charges It should only be one charge?
How can I add money to my account from another account I have?
Can the exchange rate change while I am in the process of making a withdrawal?
Why hasn't my in country transfer gone through yet? I confirmed the account info a couple days ago but the payment hasn't been posted yet.
I need to delete my account, please.
Where can I find a virtual card?
My account is blocked because I entered the wrong pin too many times.  Help me unblock.
I would like some more physical cards, what is my limit?
What are the steps to finishing up with this account?
When going to the ATM to take out some cash today my withdrawal was  declined.  I need to fix this problem as soon as possible. whats going on?
One of my card payments looks like it's stuck but I have made the payment days ago. How long until the payment will be applied to my account?
I want a backup second card. Is this possible?
How do I authenticate my top-up?
What is the formula for your exchange rate?
Can I top up using my cheque?
When can I expect a transfer from Europe to go through?
Please help me get a virtual card.
I made a transfer from France a couple days ago and don't see the transaction yet. How long does an international transfer take?
my atm transaction was wrong
I had a dollar charged to my account that's still pending and wanted to know what the charge is for?
I have a direct debit that I did not set up
My card won't work right now.
Hi, I have done a topup, but my money was reverted. Please look into this issue.
I made a purchase but the exchange rate is wrong?
I accidentally made a payment from the wrong account yesterday. It's my rent payment, and it's very large, so the account I paid from won't be able to cover the amount. It's really important that the payment be made from the right account?
In terms of holding and exchange, what fiat currencies do you use.
Why would my beneficiary not be allowed?
How long until my card will get here?
I deposited a cheque but I don't see the funds in my account.
What do I do if my card expires soon?
I paid with my card and ended up being charged a fee.
How can I check if I have received a refund if it is not yet on my statement?
How long does it take for my id to verify?
My top-up failed, WHY?
Will there be a charge for sending out more cards?
My transfer did not go through.
can you tell me why my transfer failed?
lost card found, want to put it back in app
How do i top up my google pay?
Hoe do i use my credit card to transfer money?
I received a refund, however I cannot see it in my account
I need to cancel a purchase that I made the other day.
Does auto top-up have a limit?
Do you have any fees if I want to add money using an international card.
What is the reason why the transfer shows as pending?
My phone was stolen, what should I do?
Why could I not choose cash at the ATM?
What should I do if I think someone stole my details and used my information to make some transactions?
How long does a transfer from the United Kingdom take? I haven't seen it show up yet in my bank account and want to make sure I get the transfer.
Why do you need me to verify who I am?
I don't see a refund in my account.
Can you tell me where to find my top-up verification code?
My top-up was supposed to be done, but now the money is gone! Is there a glitch in your system?
My transaction history is looking a little off. I have been charged twice for multiple different purchases, and would like to have those duplicate charges refunded.
If my kids wanted to use your service how old would they have to be?
maximum how many days get the courier?
I normally have no issues making transfers, so why am I suddenly being told it is not possible?
Why is my debit card being declined when I have money?
Why does it cost more to pay with my card?
Can I receive money in a different countries money?
What is the length of a transaction completion?
I think my card payment has been refunded
Can I start an account for my kids?
I happened to forget my passcode
My currencies needed to be exchanged often and I was wondering if there were any discounts available for this?
So much time has gone by, the pending status shouldn't still be there shouldn't it?
My payment has an incorrect exchange rate.
Has my top-up been cancelled?
I can't find the PIN.
I would like to get help from someone in your customer service department with assisting me with activating my card.
How do I avoid getting charged a fee on my card?
I would like to know which fiat currencies are recognized by your organization.
Why is there a fee for withdrawing?
Are you okay with exchanges to EUR?
Why is my identity not verified?
I must change my address.
why isnt my account allowing transfers
I don't recognize a charge on my statement.
Can I use any currency to add money?
I tired to deposit some cash into my account but it's not there
do i need to wait for my card before i get pin
I will need to get a new card soon, how do I order?
How do I get a new expiration date?
How much are you going to charge me if I top up my US card?
When will my deposit post to my account?
Why was a payment cancelled on my account?
Where do you get those exchange rates?
Was there a problem with topping up?
My card has been swallowed by an ATM
My card did not work at store.
Where do I go to order my card?
I no longer live at my address on file, how do I change it?
How can I fund my top-up account using my bank account?
I would like my refund for this item I bought.
Why wasn't my card payment accepted?
how can i change my details
How do I open up an account for my child?
my card was refused, why?
The amount of cash I received did not match the amount I requested
Why was I blocked from withdrawing from the ATM?
What sort of restrictions are there for the disposable cards?
If I ordered my new card last week, how much longer should I wait to receive it?
What country's money can I hold currency in?
My card got stuck in an ATM.
Can I get spare cards?
How can i get new card?
I need a disposable virtual card, how do I get one?
My card payment was cancelled.  Why?
Im trying to top up my card but it's still pending and it's been an hour. Is there any way to make it go through faster? Do I not have enough?
Cancel my last transfer
If my identy verifacation hasn't gone through can I use my account?
I've been checking my statement to see if I've received a refund I requested from a seller a while ago has arrived. But it has not. This should have come back to me already. Can you help me figure out why it's not here and get my money back?
How old do we have to be?
Why do we need to verify top-up?
The app doesn't believe its me.
Can I cash deposit to top up my account
When will my balance update after a transfer?
I received my new card, how is it activated?
There's a cash withdrawal I didn't make
Is this card available to United States Residents?
Are there charges for using a bank card to top up
I ordered my card but it still isn't here
I don't recall making that payment?
I cannot try my PIN anymore.
Will I be charged an extra fee if I need to exchange currency?
stop the transaction
What are the sources for the funds in my account?
I would like to use the bank transfer feature, but I can't find it. Can you please give me the details?
I need to verify my source of funds
Why am I charged whenever I withdraw cash?
What types of fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
Does this program take SWIFT transfers?
I just did a money transaction but its not showing they received it
My purchases from this morning still have pending payments.
My disposable card seems not to be working am I doing something wrong?
I think something is wrong with your top up.  I've been waiting a little over an hour for this to go through, can you send it through for me?
Why am I being charged more ?
I want to talk about an order that I placed a long time ago and have yet to receive. I demand a refund due to lack of delivery of the product!  I refuse to pay for something I never got.
How can I see the progress of delivery of the card that was sent?
What do I have to do to get a Visa card?
Someone has a copy of my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Help me.
My card got trapped inside an ATM, what should I do?
How to order my card?
What do I need to do to receive my payroll in the account?
I would prefer a Mastercard.
Can I set up an automatic top-up for travel.
What's the process for terminating an account?
I got a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
What does it mean if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
When will I get my card shipped to me?
Where to check top ups pending?
limits on top ups
My password doesn't work.
What is the reason my top-up is still pending?
I can't see my top up in my wallet!
It appears my top-ups have been canceled.
Why would my card payment be cancelled?
How long will it take to arrive?
Is there a fee for topping up a card?
Hello, i just checked my statement and there seems to be a payment from my card that I have never seen before.
I found my lost card in my jacket pocket this morning so I'd like to reactivate it please.
I received my American Express in Apple Pay, is there a reason why top up is not functioning properly?
Out of the blue, my card stopped working.
Can I use my card in another institutions ATM?
My top up was reverted. Can you help?
Where in the European Union can I get a card?
How would you use a disposable card?
there is a debit i dont recognize
What happened to my top-up? It was all done and now it's gone! Are you having problems with your system?
Why have my top ups been canceled?
I need a fast transfer from China?  How fast will it be?
What's the fee for exchange of foreign currencies?
I'm concerned about a payment that has recently been made on my card.  I do not recognize the name that the transaction went to, can you help me?
I paid for something in foreign currency but noticed the exchange rate is incorrect.
How do I go about getting a refund?
I need to use a European card for a top up, what will the charge be?
I need to add money to my account. Can I do so via bank transfer?
The app does not know it is me.
My top-up for Google Pay isn't working
How long does a bank transfer take to show up in available funds?
My card was stolen last night.
how do i get a pin for my card
are both visa and mastercard available to me?
Last week I put a cash deposit into my account and it is still isn't there.
My virtual card isn't working.
My card will expire soon, When do I need to order a new one?
Help! I lost my card!
Are there any express fees if i want my new card faster?
Is there a limit to top-up amounts?
How do I make my top up complete?
It says the transfer wasn't accepted.
I'm not okay with this fee on my statement.
I don't recognize this payment at all!  Help!
I was charged twice for the same purchase!
Why isn't my id verified?
Can it be delivered on a certain date?
Can I change my PIN at my local bank?
What physical locations can I use cash to top up?
Why has my card declined
I bought something while traveling, and the exchange rate was wrong.
How can I freeze a stolen card?
Are there any places that I can't use the disposable cards at?
Where is the nearest bank machine?
I need this item refunded
Should my top-up be completed by now?
I got cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received the cash?
Tell me how to setup a new PIN.
the conversion value for my card payments is incorrect.
I used my pin too many times.
How does identity check work?
I am unable to get cash from the ATM
How much is a cross currency exchange, and can I check to see if I have any discounts available?
My card was confiscated by an ATM. How do I get my card back?
Why does a payment show up twice?
Are there restrictions on disposable virtual cards?
My top up has failed
How are exchange rates calculated at this bank?
What is the reason for the identity check
Why are my transfers being declined? It normally works but now it's declining my card. I've tried it a few times but it's still not working.
I made a transaction to the wrong account!
What is the strange cash withdrawal on my statement?
I just transferred some money. Why was I charged a fee?
My card won't work.
Can I add a card that I just found (again) to the app?
Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
The cash deposit I made this morning has not been credited to my account
Is there a charge for topping up by card?
What should I do after I've moved and need to update my personal details?
I can't see a transfer to my account I made.
How do I top-up while traveling?
Is there a limit for top ups?
My statement is showing I was Charged a dollar and I am not sure why.
The app is having trouble verifying my identity.
Will you accept my other card from the U.S.?
I wanted to use my card contactless but it doesn't seem to be working, what could be the problem?
Why did using an ATM cause me to have an extra fee charged?
I tried to top off using the card, but the money just disappeared?
Is it possible to open an account for my children?
Is there such thing as an auto top-up option?
What are the restrictions on the virtual cards?
Transfers are supposed to be free.  I just got a fee tacked on  to something I bought abroad.  Not cool.  Figure out how to remove it.
My card payment has been on pending forever. What is the problem? It should have gone through at some time by now.
What does it mean if my payment is pending?
When are cards shipped?
How can I verify the top-up card?
Can I change or hold different currency?
I must make several disposable cards per day.
Why wasn't it obvious that you charge for payments? If you put the fees in an easy to read format, this could have been avoided.
Your machine took my card. How do I get it back?
Is there any way to get another card on the same account?
I got a €1 extra fee in my statement
Someone must have found my card details as I don't recognize these transactions.
I need support options, I want to top my card
Why doesn't it work when I use American Express to try to add money to my account?
It seems that something went wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble into UK pounds but have been charged entirely too much!
The ATM is declining my card. I tried at two different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's anything wrong with my account?
I was able to find my card. How to I go about putting it into my app?
Where can I get a card in the EU?
Can I order extra cards?
I was charged a fee when buying stuff with my card.
The app does not believe that I am myself
Are there any hidden limit on the auto top-up?
Please delete my account right now!
I got charged fees for withdrawing cash!
How long does a transfer take from the point it's sent, to the point it arrives in my account?
Where did the extra fee on my statement come from?
Good day, in reviewing my credit card activity over the last several days, I see a repeated charge for a restaurant that I went to. The charge was put through twice, so I would like one of the charges corrected and the amount that was withdrawn to be reinstated please.
Where can I see the refund in my account
I deposited a check a few days ago and it's still not gone in! Please help me with this
I would like a refund for something I bought
If i want to change my pin number can I directly from an ATM?
Can you tell me why my pop-up is still pending?
Why have I been charged for pulling cash out of my own account?
Why is there a direct debit fee in the App when I didn't do it?
Do you accept Mastercard?
I placed a cheque but the funds aren't there
Can you tell me why my card payment did not work?
I got charged a service fee on my account. Can it be waived since I didn't know about it before?
Is my account accessible even though my verification of my identity has not passed yet?
Do you have charges now when you pay with a card?
I did a topup successfully but its not showing in balance. I think there is some problem in system.
I made a card payment but it didn't work. Why not?
What are the steps to verify identity?
I must quickly transfer something from China, and I need to know how long it will take.
Is there an issue with my account?  I don't see a cheque deposit that I made yesterday.  Please assist.
how much do I have to pay for exchange of currency?
Why is there a charge on my account for taking out cash?
I got a message that I need to verify my identity; what do I do?
What extra charges are there?
why didnt my account allow a transfer
Where can I pay with my debit or credit card?
My new card is here, what's the process for activating it?
My bank statement doesn't show the cash deposit I made recently.
I am trying  to  transfer and  it has been  stopped why is  that
Why am I being charged extra when I withdrew money?
Is there a fee for topping up by charge card?
Problems with top up
Why does my transaction have an added fee?
I sees some suspicious spending on my credit card that I don't recall I had made. What should I do?
Will I have to wait much longer for my new card to arrive?
I was only given $20 after trying to withdraw $100
How do I update my details?
What should I do if I think there are unauthorized transactions?
How can I find out where my contactless works?
What are these disposable virtual cards all about?
I want to reverse a purchase. Can I cancel it?
Can I withdraw money from another bank and transfer it into my empty account?
I made an online purchase and the order has not shown up. Give me my money back.
how do I ask for a physical card?
What is the purpose of requiring my identification?
Hi - I have made a transaction to my new landlord but unfortunately it shows on my end but not on the landlord's end. The numbers are correct. Can you confirm when that will go through?
How can I unblock my PIN?
How can we correct a mistake on an ATM transaction?  The app shows what I should have gotten.
Is there a reason that the ATM declined my transaction?
What do I need for activation of my card?
What is the process to get a new card when your old one expires?
Can I revive a physical card.
Hi! What documents can I use to verify my identity?
I have exceeded all my PIN tries
Why is my check still not showing up on my account? It's been a week already
Is there a specific source that the exchange rate for the transfer I'm planning on making is pulled from?
I need more than one disposable card
I have transactions that I don't recognize - I think someone is using my card.
I want to use my card. How do I activate it?
Can you tell me what are disposable cards for?
I bought something this morning and the payment is still pending
What is the reason for the extra fee on my statement?
What if my top up doesn't go through?
Can I have more than 2 disposable cards?
How do I find my card PIN?
What do you use disposable cards on?
How many transactions can I do with a disposable card?
The ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash today when I went to withdraw. The app says it was more.
how many transactions can i make with a disposable card
Please tell me how to get a refund for something I bought.
Hearing about your verification results from us may take anywhere from 10 minutes to approximately one hour.  If this verification has in fact, failed, double-check to make sure that your images are clear.  Also make sure that your document photos have no blur or glare. They need to be readable.  You must also be 18 years of age or older and be a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to open an account.
Why is the top-up I made still pending.
Where do your cards get delivered to?
Can I choose between Mastercard and Visa?
I tried to get cash in the ATM but it was not approved
I want this amount reversed out of my account.
The seller just told me he didn't get paid. After reviewing my account it did subtract the balance but now it has added it back to my account. I need you to please take care of this promptly.
How long does it take to recieve my new card?
my atm cash out is still pending
Can I get a disposable card?  How many can I have?  How often can I use them?
I will be traveling.  Can I add money automatically?
I need to get a card, how do I do that?
What are the various currencies and cards that you offer support for?
Why would my top up be reverted?
Hi I'm sending some money over to an investment bank I do business and the transaction is being rejected. I'm not sure why as I think I have the right details.
Is it possible to also get a disposable virtual card?
Will my other US credit card be accepted?
How can I get a new card ASAP to replace an old, soon to expire one?
I made a transfer the day before yesterday within this country. It is still not showing up at all. I have double-checked and the account number is certainly right. I've actually type this multiple times. can you look into what is going on here?
How do I use my card if I lost my phone?
I do not know my passcode.
My app is showing a payment that I know I did not do. Can you please cancel that transaction and credit my account please?
What fiat currencies can I use for holding and exchanging?
When will the money from my bank transfer be available?
Is there a reason that my top-up is still pending?
I made a check deposit but the cash hasn't arrived in my account yet.
I would like to cancel my purchase.
Why was I charged twice for the same thing?
Why does it still charge me even though I was unable to withdraw money from the ATM?
Are the funds I requested from a merchant a few days ago in my account? I do not see them.
My card has not been delivered yet and its been a week since I ordered it, please help
Can I add money to my account with cash?
How do I avoid a fee to use an ATM?
Why can I not choose the card i want?
Will you accept a cheque to top up my account?
One of my card payments, I don't recognise the name of the merchant.
Why do you keep declining my payment?I tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
Where do I find the verification code for the card I'm topping up?
Can I obtained a Visa Card
My card has been lost! help!
Can you tell me the cost of a transfer?
I am blocked now because I entered the wrong pin, need help.
Please assist me with activation.
Tell me about verifying top-up
Is my card valid everywhere?
Is there a limit to how many transactions I can make on one disposable card?
I couldn't complete card activation.
Why have I been charged more than once for the same transaction?
The exchange rate from my card payment isn't right.
Can I get money in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and don't have cash with me. This is cause for a bit of concern. Is it possible to withdraw here without additional cost?
What age do you have to be to open an account?
I need to update my phone number.
How long for money transfer to show?
Can you tell me why my transfer declined?
Which country's currency do you support?
What options do I have in regards to payment?
I need to bank account transfer from another account into this one, what is the easiest way that can be done, and what information do i need?
Help me verify my identify?
My beneficiary has been denied, is this normal?
When will my transfer be available in my account.
Can I change my pin at ATMs?  If so, what ones?
I need to do a card activation.
When can I expect the transfer to arrive in my account?
i want to get a card but i live in the US
I want to reverse my transaction from earlier
Some cash withdrawal that I didn't make showed up in the app.
Do you know why my card payment was reverted?
My phone is lost I don't want someone to use my account, what can I do?
Please help me get a new card, I reside in the United States.
Do I need to choose GBP to get my salary deposited properly?
I need to figure out who has access to my card there are some payments I didn't make that are showing on the app.  Could you please help?
Which fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchanging?
I received my salary in the wrong currency. How do I change this?
Where do I find the virtual card?
what is source of my money
how does a virtual card work
Show me the source of my money.
How many days does a regular transaction take to complete?  I see a pending payment that hasn't changed in the last several days.
What are the cards and currencies that you support?
Why was the payment on my card declined?
Hi, Could you please help me as someone has stolen my wallet few hours ago. And a withdrawal is made, please help immediately. As i don't want to suffer more.
Why won't the machine accept my card anymore?
I need to cancel a purchase I made.
Can you elaborate on why I have an extra charge just for transferring?
Can I have more disposable cards?
Does google play offer the service to Top up?
What should I do if I can't use my card?
Currently my card is broken.
I would like to get a Visa card
For some reason, I'm unable to transfer funds.
The exchange rate given to me after a purchase, was incorrect
The app is saying I made a withdrawl but I didn't.
Who do I talk to for transactions debited twice?
Where's the best place to get a disposable virtual card?
I have been charged for one thing two times.
How do I discontinue my account?
Will I be charged to top off my account?
Can I allow other people to top up my account?
When will the cash that I put in the ATM be cleared from pending status?
Are there limits on auto top-up?
How do I add a card on to the app?
What do I do if I think my card was improperly used?
A transaction on my card shows as pending.
I have young kids. Can they use this service?
What are you exchange rates?
Why can't I verify my identity?
I got married and need to change my name.
Why am I charged an extra fee on my card?
I would like my money back for an item I purchased
What are my limits on disposable cards?
How long will it take to transfer from europe?
I'm being charged for using my card!
What caused my cash withdrawal to be declined?
I entered a typo when I was transferring money and now I've sent it to an incorrect account.  This is so bad!  I need it cancelled now.
Can I use check to deposit?
How can i make my card active?
why don't you accept american express for adding money to my account
I made a transfer and the receiver did not get the right amount its lesser than what it should be,Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this, what should be done
The app doesn't show the card I received.
I have a missing refund
Why is there a fee for doing a transfer?
I have a card payment that has been pending for some time and would like to know when it is going to go through.
Why are there multiple transactions showing for one purchase?
What steps do I need to take to close my account?
Can I get paid in a different currency?
Can I top up my card with other cards?
I have a problem with my account. I tried to transfer some funds and the message came back declined. Can you help me?
My card keeps getting declined when I try to use it.  I would like to top-up, but it is not going though.
What are the disposable card limits?
I would like a disposable virtual card, could I get one?
How can I get a virtual card for a one-time transaction?
Where can I have a new bank card sent to China?
Can someone assist me with activating my new card?
According to the app, I got cash from an ATM but I haven't made any transactions.
i know i entered the right info, but my top up isn't in my balance
I tried to transfer but it was declined
I'd like to discuss an order I placed quite a long time ago. I have yet to receive it and am growing upset.  I want a refund as I now refuse to pay for the product.
What is the virtual card and how can i get one?
why was my payment reverted on the app
I'm confused as to why my transfer is still listed as pending on the website.
I made an international purchase, but the exchange rate was wrong
Will there be a cost if I exchange currency?
Can my teenager have an account?
Why has my top-up been reverted?
Hi there, earlier today I tried to take money out of an ATM machine, and something wasn't working.  I didn't actually receive the money, but I just checked and it says that the transaction is still pending.  Can you tell me what's going on here? Am I still being charged for the withdrawal even though I didn't end up getting any money?
I see random purchases to my account, was it hacked?
My phone got stolen, how can I use the app?
I'm unable to verify my identity
I am travelling and I tried to withdraw cash but didn't get what I was supposed to get.
I completed a transfer within the UK two days ago, but it is still not showing received.  I have verified the account number is correct already.  Is there anything else I need to do or is there a problem?
Can I track history on funds?
Why is the payment showing as pending from things I bought this morning?
Please help.  The card won't work.
How will I get my card?
How can I get my money back on an order. I haven't gotten the item yet, so I want to cancel the order. How?
Why isn't my deposit showing up?
I would like to reactivate my card that I previously reported lost. I located the card this morning.
Why didn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
I know there's money in my account, why did my account decline me?
Why isn't my refund showing in my statement?
what documents do i need to verify who i am
Why was money taken for a transfer?
Unusual direct deposit
I found a transfer fee - is that correct?
Is there a way to lookup where funds came from?
can you share card tracking number?
If I were to transfer, what would the cost be?
How do I change my passcode?
I have moved.  Where can I update my details?
Why does my transfer say "pending"?
How do I change currencies to euros?
I was wondering why my card was declined
I did not get my card yet, is it lost?
Can you tell me what countries you operate in?
I hate this company! Can you delete my account?
Hello, my transfers are getting failed continuously, in spite of the fact that all the recipient details are correct. Please advise.
Can I use my Apple Watch to to top up?
I'd like to apply for a Visa Card.
Why, when paying with the card, was I charged an extra fee?
My bank app said that I got cash from an ATM, but that's a mistake.
How can I tell where my funds came from?
Why has my withdrawal not posted?
Explain pending transactions.
I got a declining message during a transfer? please tell me why
My card hasn't been working for even small transactions today.
In a recent withdrawal I received less cash than I expected to receive.  Did someone make an error with the exchange rate?
I deposited some cash but it hasn't shown up in my account yet, what's going on?
Can I use American Express?
I want to know your exchange rates.
How can my boss pay me directly to the card?
what is the time frame for transfers
I see a fee that I think was charged because I paid by card.
There is a direct debit set up that I didn't create.
Why has my card payment been reversed?
More than one time this week, I have been charged more than once for the same transaction. Please correct the issue and refund the duplicate charges.
How do I top-up my card with a cheque?
how come i can't find anywhere to load using cash
what is the most money i can top up?
Weird charges are appearing in my debit account.
Why isn't the recipient seeing the transaction? I just sent the money.
How come I don't see my deposit in my account yet?
there were two of the same charge to my account
Can I have a card after my first one?
Where do I go to get the code to verify the top up card?
I tried pulling out money at the ATM and it gave me an incorrect amount back.
Is the 1 pound charge going to be reimbursed on my card?
If I were to use a European bank card for a top up, will I incur a charge?
I'm looking for the option to top up by cheque.
How do I go about getting an actual card?
Can you help my fix my contactless?
I have transfered to my account before but it is being declined now?
When will my deposit be processed?
I believe i was charged for making a withdrawal after i went grocery shopping. Are you guys charging for this now?
Is there a top up limit for my account?
Why can't my beneficiary get access?
I didn't get the right amount at the ATM.
There is a direct debit set up that was not authorized by me.
How long does a transfer from a UK account take? I just made one and it doesn't seem to be working, wondering if everything is okay
Is it possible to exchange currencies?
My statement has a charge that shouldn't have been made.
My morning transaction needs to be canceled.
How do I return something for a full refund?
Is there any type of fee for currency exchange?
Why are you asking so many questions about who I am
What do I do if my phone was stolen?
Can you help with a transfer to an account
Why would the app deny my top-up?
Why was a fee changed for my transfer?
For adding money, which currencies do you accept?
new customer and filling gas for the first time today, not working,
I need to cancel my card that got stolen a little while ago. Someone has already taken some money out and I don't want them to take anymore. Can you please do that?
How long do transfers from a UK bank account usually take for you? I just made a transfer and I'm not seeing anything, wondering if it worked
How does a transfer work?
I need a new PIN.
For some reason, the money I added was returned.
I had to pay a fee when buying items with my card.
Is PIN delivered separately?
Why has my transfer been declined?
I was declined a transfer
Can I get a real card?
In the app, where do I find my card PIN?
I think my pin has been compromised, what do I do?
I can't seem to use my card. Can you help?
Why is a transfer to a beneficiary not possible?
I messed up and made a transaction using the wrong account.
What should I do if my passcode won't work?
What steps do I need to get another card?
How much does currency exchange cost?
Why is there a $1 charge on my statement?
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
What do I do to get a disposable virtual card?
I didn't initiate a direct debit that I see on my account
Hello. How do i go about getting a refund of an item i bought ? I want to cancel the payment since i have not received the item yet.
Why is there a fee for my transfer?
I've been waiting for a refund to show up and I don't see it on my statement yet.
I want to shut down my account as soon as possible.
Why was there a fee for paying by card?
Why does my account not accept cash deposits?
How do I get a visa card?
Can you assist me in acquiring a virtual card?
I need help reapplying my top-up. It seems it isn't working.
When I made a transfer I was charged extra.
My account balance has not updated to reflect my recent transfer.
During the last month I used this account to make payments for my place abroad. I noticed the fees have increased and I wonder why. Shouldn't frequent users have less fees as incentive to keep using instead of increasing them out of nowhere?
What is the length of time for money to reach the account?
I goofed up and used the wrong account.  Please help.
My card got lost.
There's a cash withdrawal I am certain I did not make
Can I get a refund?
How did the extra charge on my card come in effect?
I've tried looking for the auto-top up option on your website and I can't seem to find it. Can you help me?
I can't get my Google Pay Top to work. Are there any issues on your end?
My card payment is being declined and I've tried several times.
Hi I'm a new customer and tried topping up for the first time today, seems it's not working, the thing shows up as pending since half an hour already! Please fix it!
show me how to top up
where did my funds come from?
I do not need GBP, I need AUD, how do I convert it?
It kept my cash
Can I get money in my home currency at some ATM? I'm on holiday and am a bit concerned because I don't have any cash with me, it is possible to withdraw here already without any additional cost?
My PIN got blocked, help.
How do I transfer cash my into my account?
Please tell me how disposable virtual cards work?
What's the limit to how much I can top up?
Is my country's currency supported by your system?
I need to know the process to transfer money into my account.
How can I go about getting a disposable virtual card?
Can you tell me how do I get a card?
I need to transfer some money, can I use my credit card?
My details need to be changed, how can I do so?
Can you tell me when my card will arrive?
Is there a fee to order a physical card?
Hi, I am trying to buy something online, but i think there is some issue in my card. As payment is reverted. Please help me in this as i am facing the same issue from last two weeks.
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that its not mine
can i get a card if i live in the US?
How can I tell if someone else is using my card?
How young can I be to open my own account?
I am wondering if International Transfers take longer. I a made a transfer from France two days ago and believed it would be here already. Please let me know when I will get it!
Help, your app is showing a larger WD than I actually did earlier at an ATM.
I asked for a refund but its not here yet
How can I top up with Apple Pay?
I need someone to assist me with explaining how much I can top-up.
I don't remember my passcode?
I cant prove who I am
My address has changed. How do I report it?
I transferred some money but it is not here yet
Can I receive my salary with this in another currency?
Can I get a card outside the UK?
I want to get a new card before my current one expires, how much will it cost me and how long will it take to get here.
Why hasn't my top-up finished pending yet?
Please tell me why I am having problems transferring to a beneficiary.
Is there something that I can do since my phone was stolen yesterday?
I'm looking to get an additional card.
How long does it take for a transfer to show up in my account?
How do I go about activating my new card?
Can you make sure I get a MasterCard and not a Visa?
I would like to get your card in EU. Is that possible?
I am not receiving the correct exchange rate on my card.
Where can I activate my card?
The atm won't give my card back!
I was overcharged an additional pound.
This is terrible, i want to delete my account
Why was my payment cancelled?
How can I exchange currencies with this app?
How long does it take for the transfer to go through?
How long does it take for a new card to ship?
What is the minimum age limit?
How can I find the source for my available funds and money?
How can I fix a problem where my virtual card is rejected?
is it possible to get a refund for something I purchased?
Are there downsides to using a disposable virtual cards?
My bags were stolen. I need a new card but need to cancel the stolen one.
Looking at my statement I see that I was double charged for a payment I made.
Why am I being charged for the same thing twice?
Please explain how I use the disposable cards?
You did not give me the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
How can I top up automatically?
I want my account deleted!
Is it possible to have a discount for exchanging currency frequently?
Where is my last money transaction
How do I go forth with bank transfers for top up accounts?
Can you tell me how I go about activating a new card?
is there a reason that my payment didnt go through
Are you sure when the withdrawal will show?
Can I track the card you sent to me?
i want to get my salary deposited as pesos?
Why can't I make multiple payments with my virtual card?
I Submitted a cheque couple days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.Would you please check What could be the possible issue?
Top up on my Google Pay isn't working.
How do I query a payment on my card? It looks like I have paid for the same thing twice.
I'm having a problem with a money transfer.  I sent some money to a friend a couple of hours ago, and they haven't received it yet.  Why hasn't it gotten to them? How long do transfers need to go through?
There is a repeat charge for the same item
Do I get a real card?
It's only been a few weeks my my top-up got cancelled
I double checked that I have the correct account details , they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. What should be done now?
My account says I have a pending transfer.
I've notice I was charged for withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
I have a friend who needs money as soon as possibly. If I were to transfer it how long will it take to get to her?
Can my friend send me money if it is not in US dollars?
I sent money to my family last Friday but they don't have it.
How often can I top up?
There is a transaction showing in my app that I did not make as I have not used that card all day.  Please reimburse this amount to my account.
I tried to pull cash from an ATM but it wouldn't let me.
In a month, my card will reach its expiration date, am I required to request the next card?
Why was a transaction on my card declined?
I am highly unsatisfied with this company and want to delete my account!
Was I charged more than I should of been for a currency exchange?
I look but I see no virtual card. Why is that?
Can you unblock my blocked pin?
Are there still fees for european top-ups?
Where can I find information about where my money came from?
How long does the cash withdrawal take to pend?
I think my card is broke?
I was declined when trying to withdrawal cash!
Help me!  When I was abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
I am just waiting on the completion of the transaction.
I've just moved address from a place in Durham to a place in Walton-On-The-Naze.  I have a new landlord at my new house and they haven't got my payment but I know I sent it on time, can you check they got it please?
For what reason must I authenticate the top up?
card is being used by someone else
No option to top up with a cheque ?
The payment on my card shows as pending.
My card hasn't arrived in the mail yet. I ordered it two weeks ago. What can I do?
I needed some cash while abroad, and I'm pretty sure the wrong exchange rate was applied.
I'm not able to withdraw money from the ATM but I'm not sure why.
what is the word?
I think someone saw my PIN and I am on vacation in Spain, can I change it locally at an ATM?
Where's the money I transferred into my account?
How do I troubleshoot my contactless?
Please tell me how you can stop unauthorized payments from being made on my card since on this bill I see that this has happened. There are transactions that I never made from a place I've never been to.
the product is not working, can I get a refund?
I don't want the transaction to go through now
If I get another card, what kind of fees am I looking at?
What went wrong with my transfer?
Can you tell me why my top up didn't work?
Where can I find out how to transfer money into my account.
Why do I see an extra €1 charge on my statement?
The wrong account was used during a transaction.
How do I deactivate my account?
The ATM machines keep declining my card and I don't know why. I thought I had money in my account. Why is this happening?
I need to make my card PIN a different number
Extra charge during transfer
I made a payment but it's still pending
My top up is not showing up in my wallet!
I am having trouble verifying my identity.
I'm travelling abroad but I've run into a situation where I need to change my PIN immediately. Can I do this from here?
There is a duplicate payment on my card. Why?
My phone is at the hotel.  How can I use the app?
When will it be delivered to the US?
Do you know the process how to activate my card?
The exchange rate for foreign ATM currency is wrong.
A direct debit payment that I didn't authorise shows up in my app.
I made a purchase recently but I have decided that I'm not buying it and I need to receive my money back. Can you please give me a refund ASAP. It's extremely urgent.
Help me cancel a transaction.
Is it possible for me to top up with Google Pay?
Why would my transfer result in a decline message?
Which ATMs accept Mastercard?
Why is my top-up pending?
Can you help me find the virtual card?
I don't recognize this withdrawal on my statement
I couldn't get cash at the atm
Are these cards available in europe?
How do I go about topping up with Google Pay?
What is this extra fee?
Why did I get declined when trying to get cash?
I need to get some Euros for my holiday. Am I able to exchange some of my money?
I see my transfer was declined.
For the disposable cards, what are the restrictions?
Are there cash machines where I can change my PIN?
Will I be charged a fee to top up using a debit or credit card?
Why is there an extra charge of 1 dollar on my statement?
Why was I charged for getting cash?
Why am I being charged certain fees? I noticed a fee after I withdrew some money for groceries earlier today.
My card stopped working after multiple transactions. Why?
I need my purchase cancelled.
Can I reset my password?  I don't know what it is.
What currency can I use to pay for a top up?
Is it free to exchange currency?
Hello! I need to order a disposable virtual card. Where can I do that at?
What can I use to verify my identify?
As far as courtries go which ones are supported?
Why can't I activate my card?
How did you come up with your exchange rates?
What do I do if I completed a money transfer but the recipient hasn't received it?
The exchange rate is bad. Are you sure this is the exchange rate?
Can I give a second card for this account to my daughter?
Online banking is not showing my cheque or cash deposit so the balance is incorrect.
Can I transfer my payroll to the bank?
I have not received an item i ordered yet so i want to cancel it and get a refund. Can you please guide me on how to go about it?
I would like to know how much I can top-up.
What documents do I need to validate my identity?
I'm waiting for the ID verification to go through still, so is it too soon to use my account?
I have a transfer that is pending.
There is a direct debit payment I don't recognize.
Will I be charged if I add more cards to the account?
Can I reactivate my card? I reported it lost and found it this morning in my jacket.
I made a deposit of cash and check that has not been added to my balance.
What things do I need to verify my identity?
I contacted a seller about a refund last week but he still hasn't returned my money. I am frustrated and need these funds. Please help me get my money back.
Will this card work at any ATM?
why has a cash withdrawal charged me?
The app doesn't know it's me.
Hi there, I came across a problem with my top up and my money is missing, was there a system error?
Why is the transaction to my friend still pending?
How would I use my money in a different country?
Am I allowed to use any card to make a payment?
The exchange rate you gave me for my cash withdrawal is wrong
I don't remember my code to get into the app.
Do I have to pay more for exchanges?
I cannot get my card out of the ATM.
I still haven't gotten my new card.  When will it get here?
How come my refund hasn't appeared on my statement?
Why did my credit card get declined for top up?
My card activation attempt failed.
I just bought an item and changed my mind.  I have not received it yet how can I get refunded.  Thank you.
How do I do a successful transfer to an account?
I transferred a payment a couple days ago and it shows done, but it has not been received.  Could you please help me?
Is it possible to exchange USD and GBP on the app?
The purchase I made is still pending.
Can I use the card at any cash machine?
How do I know where the funds come from?
Can I get a card although I'm not in the UK
How do I get a virtual card on my device?
Is it possible for me to top up with a cheque?
What payment methods are used to top up?
The card PIN?
Do you know why my card payment has been declined?
Will I be charged for topping up by transfer?
Do you have an auto-top function and how do I use it if so?
Do you need to know my first and last name?
How do I add my new card?
What's taking my top-up so long?
My contanctless has stopped working
Hello,  I am a college student who I recently attended my high school reunion at a local restaurant. I paid with my credit card and now my transaction history reflects a second charge of the seemingly same payment. What could be the reason for this?  Is there any way to have the fraudulent  payment credited back onto my card?
How long does shipping take to get to a US destination?
What do I do if I see a transaction on my card that I don't recall making?
My top up was denied
I was contacted by a seller with a message that they never received my money. I am 100% sure it was taken from my account so I definitely need this sorted out soon.
I sent you a cheque a few days ago and I noticed that nothing has happened yet. Can you tell me the status of my cheque please?
Am I charged for receiving money?
Please, I need your help as to whether or not you have money for a large refunded purchase I made. I requested it some time ago from the seller, but nothing is showing up.
What form of identification is accepted?
Can friends send me money?
Is a SWIFT transfer acceptable?
Why did they take more money out then I withdrawed?
What is the delivery time for US?
When should I expect my card?
I was unable to transfer money from my account.
How do I order my card?
Why couldn't I do a transfer to a beneficiary?
Why hasn't my friend received the transaction?
How long does it take for the card to come?
Can you tell me why my transfer is pending still?
My contactless stopped working today for no good reason. It's not working no matter where I try to use it. Can you please help me fix it?
I don't have a way to prove my identity.
Can I change my in at all ATM's?
If I order a new card, how much will it be and how long will it take me to get it?
My purchases from this morning are showing up as payment pending. Can you tell me why?
What do I have to do to get the contactless to work?
Why is there a fee for using my card?
What kinds of cards can I use to top up?
Why isn't my deposit in my account?
Why won't you let me name X as a beneficiary?
The ATM won't give back my card
There is a card payment that I'm not recognizing.
I wanted to know why there is a transfer of mine pending.
I need to terminate my account.
How do I go forth on verifying my identity?
Hi, I'm buying a flat and I'm trying to get my mortgage to go though. Every time I check I simply get an error message. Is there any way you can help me get this money transferred over. Thanks!
I would like to get both Mastercard and Visa card from you if that's possible.
Hi, I am interested buying crypto currency but unable to purchase it through the application. I do want to do the exchange, Could you please let me know what is the problem?
Can I quickly send a transfer from China?  How long will it take?
Why do you need to check my identity?
Could you please activate my card
Where can I find out where my funds came from?
I really want a physical card. How do I get one?
Can I top up my account with a check?
Am I going to be charged for topping up by transfer?
Hi something is going on with the app.  I see some payments I didn't make?
Why is my refund missing from my  statement?
I made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but less than the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. Can you tell me about this. What's been going on?
Can I top up with Google Pay?
What's the limit on total number of cards I can have?
Which ATM's am i able to change my PIN?
I need to top up, but I have to use an international card.  Is there a cost for that?
Today I used my card at a restaurant and it was declined. Why?
Why was I charged for card payment?
Is the EUR accepted for exchanges?
Why can't I transfer to another account?
What does the bank charge for lost or stolen card replacements?
I tried activating my plug-in and it didn't piece of work
Am I able to do a SWIFT transfer?
Can I order a card?
How long does a transfer from the US take?
How can I receive money from my friend?
Why do you have the identity check
I would like to change my address.
I did a bank transfer to top up, but the money is not available.
Can I use my American Express card to add money into my account?
How do i get my salary in the account?
How can I cancel my transfer?
I need a new card.
Google play top up help?
What is the maximum transactions I can use on a disposable card?
It looks like this week I was double charged for a couple things. Is there any way that you can look into this for me and return the double charged items back to my card?
If I only have 1 other US card, can you take it?
I see what looks like duplicate charges on account.
My daughter would like a card from my account?  Can I do this?
What are the top up charges for US cards?
Your exchange rate is totally wrong for my card payment
The App shows a fraudulent payment made on my account.
I am required to make several disposable cards every day.
I checked the app and my balance has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
Please tell me the steps to verify my identity.
Can I use your app to exchange USD for GBP?
How do I reset my PIN, I can't seem to use my card?
Are extra charges added for sending out additional cards?
I just looked at my app and it seems I was charged extra, why is that?
My card don't work.
I topped up and now my money is not there anymore! What happened to it?
How many times can I make a top-up?
Could you please put a freeze on my card?  There are some payments on it that I don't know where they came from.
Why do I have duplicate transactions for one purchase?
I have been charged two times for one transaction.
Do physical cards cost money?
How long does a transfer take?
Why is my app showing me taking money that I did not take out?
who charged my card
I'm not satisfied with the services that you are providing.  I would like to end my services and delete my account.
Is there any fees associated with receiving money with this account?
Are there any restrictions on where I use this card?
Is it possible to obtain both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
I have a cash withdrawal that says it's pending, why?
I believe that someone is using my card without my knowledge!
how long do money transfers take?
Can anyone help me, I lost my wallet and they've started withdrawing from my account.
Please advise what is the exchange rate
There is a payment in my app that I did not make.  I have not used that card all day  Please reimburse my money.
Will you charge me more if I use a European bank card for a top up?
i want to track the card you sent
Where do my available funds come from?
What should I do if I can't prove my identity.
What should I do if my card is missing?
A payment is pending
My identity verification is not working.
What countries can I use your services?
Can you convert to EUR?
I have a payment I didn't do
My account was charged for a withdraw I tried to make that was decline.
What do you charge for top ups?
Can my friends send me money?
What currencies are used in your exchange?
I didnt get the correct exchange rate for getting cash
Can I request a refund
Can you please inform me of the restrictions for the disposable cards.
Why do I have a transaction showing multiple times?
I heard you have virtual cards. How do I get one?
Can money be exchanged from one currency to another?
Where do I link the new card?
Is there a fee for a SEPA transfer
It's been a couple days how much longer do I have to wait for my transfer?
Can I cancel a transfer if is already processed?
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
Please help me get a Visa card.
The exchange rate applied is wrong for my international purchase.
Why is the exchange rate so high? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
I need to know this, where do my funds come from?
that fee should not be there, you charged my cash for an unnecessary thing.
Why can't I use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account?
Help! I need to transfer something to China.
I attempted to get money in cash but it was refused!
Can you tell me why my refund is not showing in my statement?
Change of location, need to change details
I'm having trouble verifying my ID.
I sent a payment but now it's not showing up.
There are transactions that I don't remember making, i think someone might have gotten my card details and is now using it.
What is the amount of time transfers usually take from the UK? I had just completed a transfer and nothing seems to be showing up so I need to be sure things are alright.
Can i cancel this purchase?
I have moved to a new house and set up a rent payment to my landlord, it was supposed to be in her account a few days ago but it hasn't arrived.  I definitely sent it to the right place, can you confirm where the money is?
I tried to buy something over the Internet yesterday and got a declined error. I tried again today and got the same message. What is the issue?
I need to reset my passcode, this one isn't working
What is the purpose for verifying my identity?
Can you help me to quickly cancel a transaction I accidentally did to the wrong account?
my top up isnt there yet where do i find it
Do I get charged if I am receiving money?
I Submitted a cheque couple of days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.What could be the possible issue?
I have a card that was deactivated can I reactivate it?
I want to know the source of my funds.
Did I do something incorrectly? Where is my top-up?
I cannot get my virtual card to function.
I want to replace my current PIN.
How long do I have to wait until the transferred money shows up?
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple of days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet.
i used a check check yesterday to balance my account and it isn't showing up?
Can I add funds to the card directly from my bank account?
What will happen after my card expires?
where can I change my address?
I have duplicate charges for the same transaction
What do I do if I think someone has used my card without permission? I can see a few transactions I don't recognize.
why wasn't a transfer to account approved
I am not recognized by the app.
how long will my cash withdrawal be pending for?
I made a transfer 12 hours ago. Why is it still listed as pending?
How long does it take for a transfer to get to a recipient?
What fiat money can I used in the exchange and holding?
Can you tell me how to order a virtual card?
What options do I have when topping up a US card?
Is there a charge for a physical card?
what is this extra charge for a withdrawal?
What do I need to do to request cash back? The ATM actually just gave me the wrong amount. The app I actually chose the right amount.
What do I have to do to get my PIN unblocked?
Why is there now a charge for making cash withdrawals? I wanted some cash after I went to the grocery store, and there's a new fee!
where is my new card?
It is listed in my app that I made a payment which I did not actually make
Is it possible to refund an item?
How come my money hasn't shown up yet?
Is GBP a supported currency?
What happened to my top-up? I think it was cancelled.
My card payment is still pending.
How can I go about getting a refund?
My accounts been charged a payment for something I didn't make.
I set up a payment to a new payee and sent some money but the person I'm sending it to has not received it.  Can you check where the money is?
How long will it take for my ID to verify?
I'm in China and really need a new card.
Am I able to open an account for my children?
I got my card now, how do I make it show up in the app?
Do you have any card fees if I want to add money using an international card?
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to stop pending
I'm not sure where my phone is.  Can someone else use the app?
Is there a fee for making a payment? If so, let me know why.
Can you explain your refund policy, please?
Can I give a second card to my daughter?
whats the exchange charge
Some of my card payments look different than where I purchased products from. Why is that?
I'm looking for the cash deposit top up option but can't find it. Can you help me?
Can it add money every so often automatically while I travel?
When I made a transfer, there was a fee.  Why?
How long is the wait for a money transfer to show up?
How can I top up using google pay?
I believe my card has been compromised because of a strange withdrawal
Next time maybe let people know that buying things from another country costs extra. I used my card to purchase an item from another country and I was charged for the item and also an extra fee it looks like. I wasnt aware of this and I think I should get a refund.
Can I use a bank transfer to add money to my account?
What are the charges for topping up US card?
Can i deposit my salary to this account?
How long does it take for a cash withdrawal to show?
I completed a transfer that isn't showing up on my account.
Why was I charged for withdrawing cash?
I have to make several disposable cards per day.
Is there anywhere  In the  Eu  this card can not be delivered in
What is the fee to receive money?
I was using foreign currency at an ATM, but the rate was typed in wrong.
How long should a transfer normally take to process completely? I have a friend that needs it right away, but it's already been 2 hours and she hasn't received it.
I'm going to be away for awhile, can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
I did a card payment but its status is still coming as pending. Please check and inform when it would complete.
I see non-received cash in my app.
Tell me why there is a fee for a card payment.
You applied the wrong exchange rate while I was traveling outside the country.
I only have one other credit card from the US. Do you accept that?
Is there anyway to use a cheque to top up?
Please help revert my transaction from this morning.
Is it possible to hold money in multiple currencies?
I needed to make a payment on my account, but I typed in the incorrect number.  The app won't allow me to cancel this transaction.  I need it cancelled ASAP!!
Besides USD what other currencies can I have?
Can I use my card wherever I want?
What's the process for exchanges?
Where do I order a disposable virtual card?
I don't think my transfer wen through. Why?
What countries will my card be supported in?
How do I add my new card to the app?
I see a charge for a direct debit that was not me.
My passcode doesn't seem to be working
When can I expect my card to arrive?
I am yet to receive the money in my account how long will this take?
I want a card. What is the procedure?
Something's wrong my card won't work.
Where did the money I deposit go??
I am getting continuous failure for all my transfers. I have cross checked each recipient detail again and again and everything is correct.
How soon do cards arrive after I order them?
How can I change to another currency?
Where did your guys exchange rates come from?
I didn't see any reason why my transfer was declined. What gives?
How long does it take for pending transfer transactions to post?
Can I Transfer from SWIFT?
Why has my new card still not come?
I didn't get the all the cash i wanted from the atm
How do I reset my PIN?
I might need a new card because it's not working at any of the ATMs. I don't think ive used all my money. Why is it doing this?
Can I get a Visa card?
Can I choose my Visa or Mastercard?
Will my money be of equal value when I travel abroad?
is there a limit to top up
Please delete my account, this company is not working for me!
Can I choose from either Visa or Mastercard?
What all currencies can be exchanged?
why wont my american express work to add money
My account balance has not updated since I deposited a cheque recently.
Hello, I found the card I misplaced and I need to reactive it, how do I do that?
Where is the tracking number for the card you sent me?
I added money through a bank transfer and it is not showing in my balance.
Is it normal to have to wait over a week for my new card?
I received a different amount of cash than what I entered.
How many different cards can I have for my account?
What kind of costs are involved for exchanging currency?
If I am overseas, how do I change my pin?
Help, I was charged twice!
Please explain to me the circumstances in which my card payment would be reverted?
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's going on with this, does someone has access to my card?!
Is my new bank card on the way and is there a way to track it?
If I have a credit card with you how I get set up to link to it?
Please help! I need a refund on a transaction on something I bought and I need the refund right away!
How do I see my card in the app?
A direct debit payment I didn't do shows in my app
Can you tell me why I wasn't able to complete my transfer?
How do I get money from friends?
Will the duplicated payment be refunded?
Who accepts my card?
The top-up verification code is missing
Why was my transfer charged a fee?
How can you assist on verifying my identity?
I sent you a cheque couple days ago, nothing happened to my account yet! This is unacceptable, where is my money??
Why am I being charged a fee on a card payment?
help me find where this money came from
Why does my statement show an extra fee?
My card payment did not complete.
My disposable virtual card doesn't seem to work
What methods are available for my friend to send me money?
There are charges on my card that I haven't purchased.
For the first time I got a fee on my account. How do I know when you charge these fees?
Is my PIN located on my account somewhere?
I have transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed
are SWIFT transfers an option?
Change currency
Can you tell me what is wrong ? I top-up with you all the time but this time it just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
My preference is Mastercard.
I wasn't applied the correct exchange rate when getting cash
Explain why my card payment wouldn't go through.
Why isn't the transfer to my account showing up?
Where is an ATM?
I deposited a check yesterday and im not seeing it posted yet in my account. why is that? can you look into it?
Can I increase my top-up maximum?
Can you freeze my card it was stolen
My card doesn't work.
I am unaware of what my password is.
How do I get a PIN?
Where can i find the virtual card?
Hey i need help urgently. I just realised I sent my payment to the wrong account number, there is a typo! Please cancel it immediately, I can't do it anymore from the app
I saw that my transfer was declined.
I am not comfortable verifying my indentity.
What are the age limits for your service?
I was under the impression that you offer crypto top up; however,  it doesn't appear to be working. The money has now disappeared from my account so I need to know what the deal is?
What are the rules for transferring to a beneficiary?
There are strange transactions on my account.  What should I do if I think someone stole my details?
I need to create several disposable cards per day.
The exchange rate was wrong when I bought something outside the country.
is there a way to do top up with apple pay
Please provide currency exchange rates
Where is the top-up verification code located?
What is the charge for topping up a card?
I have two of the same charges on my account!
Which foreign currencies do you accept for adding money?
How does my identity get verified?
How do I deal with a blocked PIN?
I'd like my account to be deleted. I'm not satisfied with the service you provide.
Is it possible to get a real card?
Someone stole my account, there's a withdrawal but it wasn't me, can we put a stop to it please?
I forgot my PIN number.
How do I use contactless pay?
What can I do to make my physical card work?
My card was working but now it doesn't.
Must I verify my identity?
I have been trying to make transfers to another account but I keep getting a declined notice. I have checked all of my information more than once and my information is accurate.
Is it normal to have to verify my top-up or is something wrong?
Which cards and currencies are supported?
Is the fee with my cash withdrawal a mistake?
Why is my payment in pending status?
How can I tell where the money came from?
let me know how many disposable cards I can have?
I deposited some money, but the balance has not changed.
When will my transfer finish pending?
What do I have to do to activate my card?
I need to know what charges I will incur for using a European card for top up.
I need to dispute a direct debit.
How can I unlock the pin?
Is there a reason my top-up has been cancelled?
What are the steps to get my card back that was kept by the ATM?
My account has a weird withdrawal.
Can someone help with my passcode?
I could not get a top-up to work, why?
I'm checking my statements and I saw a purchase from a couple weeks ago that I don't recall at all. Not only that, but I don't even know the business that charged it. I'm not sure if I did it or not, but can we check it and see if we can trace it back to make certain?
I completed a payment with my card a while ago. It's still showing up as pending. What time frame does this normally take? It doesn't appear to have worked.
What do i do to get a physical card?
What is the €1 fee for?
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I did not make
Is there a limit on disposable cards?
I don't know what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have checked over the recipient details twice. These details are all correct.
Will a cheque suffice?
I'm sure I have enough money so why didn't the store accept my card?
I could not do a transfer because it was declined
What do I need to do to verify my funds?
What do I need for the identity verification?
Why is the exchange rate terrible?  That can't be close to the actual interbank rate.
Hi, I just looked at my card transactions and saw that I've been charged twice for a restaurant I went to this week. Can you remove the double charge, please?
My transfer failed to process correctly. Is there a reason this would happen?
My card got stolen!
Why does it say pending cash withdrawal on my statement?
I just checked my statement and saw a $1 charge, why is it there?
For SEPA transfers, what kind of charge will be applied?
Am I able to change my PIN at certain cash machines?
I have a direct debit I didn't make
Is there a reason my top-up has not gone through?
Hello. My credit keeps being declined, last night and again today, as I try to buy something. What is the status of my card?
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate when I got cash.
My account is devoid of funds. Am I permitted to submit additional money via bank transfer?
My card is about to expire.  How do I order another?
What are all the currencies and cards supported to use this?
My card payment didn't work, can you help?
If I don't have all my documents can they still verify my identity?
why couldn't I use my card at a store?
I would like to add money to my account through my American Express.
Can I use my card anywhere I want?
What are the top-up fees for my card?
Someone may have made an error in figuring out the rate of exchange.  I should have received more cash than I did on my most recent withdrawal.
Do I have to pay for exchanging currencies?
What is the basis of your exchange rates?
My account was charged twice for one purchase
How can I add money automatically?
Help!  I can't find my card.
Im very upset as my top-up was canceled and I have no idea why.
How fast are transfers from Europe?
How long do I wait for a transfer to take?
I have a transaction that shows multiple times.
My credit card for was not approved for a top-up transaction.  What happened?
How can someone send me money?
I receive my salary in GBP. Do I need to configure this somehwere?
Why is my withdrawal wrong? I took out $100 but only received $20.
Am I able to choose my card?
How do I top up?
Is it possible to receive a Visa and a MasterCard?
How can I change to my married name?
I'd prefer Mastercard.
I made a payment that's pending. Will it go through?
Unknowingly to me the payment sent to seller has been redeposied back in my account. I do not know why it would take out the payment and then put it back in my account. Can you resolve this as soon as possible?
How do the disposable cards work?
Do you accept other currencies besides US Dollars?
When will my returned transaction show up on my account?
I need my card immediately.
Are there any limits to how many disposable cards I can use?
I did not get the item I ordered.  How should I go about this?  Should I just cancel my order or my payment?  Please help me.
I have a new card and I need to activate it.
I have a disposable virtual card. Is there a limit to how many times I can use it?
I believe my card has been compromised as there's a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
The exchange rate you are using is bad.This can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
Will I get charged for sending out more cards?
hello I have lost my phone and I'm worried someone's going to steal money from me
It appears that I am being double charged for some items that I have purchased this past week.  Please review and correct.
Why isn't my balance reflecting a transfer I did?
My account isn't showing a transfer I made.
Top up is not working even though I have my AMEX in apple pay.
What exactly is the exchange fee?
My card shows a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but I found it.
How many ATMs will take this card?
Help! My account doesn't show any funds. Is transferring funds an option I can use?
Why are my purchases from this morning still pending?
Where can I go to get my PIN unblocked?
I have made a payment by my card, and its still pending since a long time. Could you please tell me when it will process.
Can I get an account for my daughter?
How do I find my new pin?
My account did not allow the transfer.
A seller is stating that they haven't received money yet when the money has already deducted from my account.
Why has payment been returned?
I need my account checked because it appears there is a problem. I attempted to update my balance yesterday using cheque but it doesn't seem to have worked.  Should this not be faster than this?
There is more than one of the same transaction on my account.
I don't have a password.
my balance has not changed, despite depositing a cheque
Why did the bank reject my transfer?
I didn't make these transactions. Is someone else using my card?
Please tell me which fiat currencies you support.
I've got a problem - I purchased an item maybe a week or two ago, but to the payment came back to my account! I've already got what I ordered, so why are the payment funds showing up in my account?
How can i reset my passcode ?
How long will my cash withdrawal take
How long does it take for a transfer to finish pending?
If I exchange currencies frequently, is there a discount?
Are physical card available?
I made a top up yesterday but it's still pending.
I believe my top up has failed
How can I make my card ready to use?
How many disposable cards can you own?
I just got married and I need to change my name
I would like to refill my account using SWIFT.
The contactless I have won't work.
What is the daily limit on my card?
I was mugged and everything taken.  What do I do to protect my account?
Why was I overcharged a pound!?
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket.
I am dissatisfied, I would like to close my account.
I requested a refund and it is missing.
Can I verify my top-up card?
Is it possible for me to change my PIN number?
How's the exchange rate looking right now?
I'm not sure why my card payment was cancelled, can you find out why?
Transfers from the US how long will the wait be?
Was there a way for me to get tracking for that?
Card refund is not showing up in my statement.
I want to go back on what I did this morning
Why are top-ups being verified?
The cash I wanted wasn't there.
Do cash withdrawals cost anything?
I would like to activate my card to use now, can you help me?
Can you explain the transfer fee that I was charged?
how much does it cost to add money
Is there a limit to auto top?
Can i make transactions before identity verification?
Hello, I was just went through my recent transaction on my bank account and I just noticed that I was charged twice at a place that ate at this past week. Can I get that second transaction removed from my account?
I wondered if multiple currencies is okay?
I understand that this is extremely late. After going over my transactions for the last couple of months I noticed a large charge that I'm sure I did not make. Is there anyway I can still dispute this?
What do I do if I believe to be a victim of credit card fraud?
how do I find the code to verify the top up card?
What's the deal with no cryptocurrency on your app?
Is there something wrong with the ATM? It would not let me pull cash out of my account.
How would my friend be able to send me money?
If the transfer details have already but reviewed and confirmed that they are correct, what other reason would cause my transfer to be declined?
Someone needs to make me aware when there are extra charges for payments. I happened to be looking at the app earlier and noticed a charge associated to a payment that was extra that no one made me aware of before at all.
How long do bank transfers take to clear
If I can't choose my card type will I be able to use it everywhere?
why is there a fee for a payment on my card?
how does my statement get updated so i know when a refund will reflect on my balance
Can this app be used to exchange currencies?
I think my passcode was changed
How much longer until I get my new card?
I checked on google and the exchange rate you are using is really bad. Can you update it?
I did a money transaction and the recipient doesn't see it
My card has been lost / stolen
Are there any discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
Which cards are accepted for topping up?
When can I expect my new card to get here?
i transfered and yet it is still pending
I need to see where my money came from.
How do I take a block off my card?
going to need a new card what are the fees and time it takes
what is the identity check?
What is this €1 charge?
How do I activate a card I received?
My card still hasn't arrived after two weeks, now what?
I tried making an update to my balance using cheque just yesterday but it doesn't appear to have worked. Should this not be a faster process? I need you to please check over my account because something has went wrong.
Is my card payment reverted?
I am inquiring about your auto top up feature.
Let me know when applying extra charges for payments. I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
How do I use my card to top up?
I got this stupid fee after taking cash out, why?
I need to get a card, but I live in the US.
Can I transfer money using a different currency?
Is it possible for me to get money out in a different currency?
How do I verify my source of funds?
Do you guys have any age restrictions?
I don't understand how to top up my account, can you please explain the process?
If I find a card I lost do I need to dispose of it? Or can I re-active the card and continue to use it?
lost phone, can i still access account?
Will you send me a new card in China?
In my statement, there was an extra €1 fee
I cannot get my disposable virtual card to work
Please help!  There was an extra fee when I got cash.
Do I have to manually top-up my account each time or will it do it on its own?
I deposited cash into my account, why do I not see it?
Can I track when my card will be delivered?
I just replaced my phone but how do I use my card information?
I had to pay a pound more than I anticipated!
what documentation do I need for the identity check?
My phone has been stolen.
Why couldn't I make a withdrawal from the ATM?
My last name has changed and I need to update my account details.
From which age can my kids use your service?
If I want my son to have his own account is that possible?
I was charged and shouldn't have been charged when using my card!
Can you please help me in canceling my order.
How can I check to see if my top-up worked?
Can I use my bank account to send me more money?
How can I get money in my home currency while I'm traveling internationally? I wanted to take it out of a local ATM but am worried that I will get charged extra fees.
What is the minimum age required to open an account with your service?
How do I change to a different currency?
From where can I withdraw?
How old do you need to be to open an account?
I see in the app some cash was withdrawn, but it's not mine.
Where are the virtual cards located?
I am still waiting for a transfer I did
Where can I find your locations?
Where would I order a virtual card?
My top-up was declined
I would like to cancel a transfer
I was out today looking forward to paying with my brand new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. This is pretty sad, what's going on?
What is needed for identity verification?
Am I getting charged for making a payment?
The amount of cash I received was incorrect
What reasons would a topup fail?
Since my id hasn't been verified, when can I use my account?
I have checked my statements multiple times, but my refund that I requested a while back is not showing on my account. Is there a reason for this? Can I get some help getting my money back from this transaction?
Do I need to pay more for exchanging currencies?
What is the cost for physical cards?
Is it possible to order another card?
Why was I charged extra using my card?
my phone was taken yesterday, what should I do about my account?
I can't get money out of the ATM. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
would a visa or mastercard be more suited to me?
i noticed that the funds were returned to my bank account. What happened?
My transfer didn't go through.
There were a couple of payments that I have noticed on my account with my card that I didn't make. Is it possible that somebody else has my card information?
Why has my top up been returned?
I don't understanfd how to top up
Why is there a fee for cash withdrawal?
Why would my topup not go through?
Physical cards are what I need more of
How long does it typically take to make a transfer from a UK bank? I just made one and it hasn't shown up in my account yet.
As I double checked that I have the correct account details that i submitted , they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending so far.
Dude I put money in the ATM last week but it ain't there! I need the money now figure this out!
I would like to alter my personal details.
My daughter would like a card as well, how can we make this happen?
Hi, I am calling about a recent transaction that has happened on my account.  I recently went to the ATM, and tried to make a withdrawal on my account.  I just happened to check my transaction slip and noticed a fee for my withdrawal.  How can I resolve this, I didn't know fees were charged for this type of action.
Will you guys do Visa or Mastercard?
My card was supposed to arrive, but hasn't?
Do you charge extra for duplicate cards?
My disposable virtual card is not working when I try to use it at a point of sale transaction. What do I do now?
How do I locate my card?
What ID do I need to verify my identity?
They declined my card payment.
Can you please explain why my beneficiary is not allowed?
Why am I being charged for getting cash?
My phone was left behind.  Can I still use my card?
Is it possible to have a second card?
After reviewing my charges, I see I was charged a fee for a transfer I did, why?
why do i have to verify top up?
Is it possible to change from USD to GBP with your App?
I can't find how to top up my account with a check.  Where is that?
Why do I get a fee every time I transfer?
A cash withdrawal has been done that I didn't do.
I would like to order a virtual card.
There is random cash in my account.
How can I know where my card will be accepted?
Last Saturday, I was charged extra for the exchange rate on my payment. Is something wrong?
lost my card in atm
I think that someone may be using my card, but I'm not sure,.
What do I need to see my source of money?
I got 2 transfer fees and I thought transfers were free.
Do I need to order a new card before it expires?
I tried transferring to an account but it didn't go through. What happened?
I seem to have lost my card.
Can I choose my card scheme?
I have lost my card! What is my next step?
What is the system for determining the exchange rate?
Do you deliver the PIN separately?
I want a physical card
I made an out of country transfer and it hasn't went through yet.
Why didn't my balance change after I transferred some money?
I cancelled my card payment
Why did I have to pay more when I do it with my card?
I would like to link my card to my account.
I refilled my account balance but got an error message.
Do I need to do anything? My phone was stolen yesterday.
Please can i get a disposable virtual card as well?
I bought an item and the exchange rate was wrong.
how to recover my passcode
Set a new PIN please.
How long do I have to wait for my bank transfer to appear in my account?
What is the dollar that I have pending on my statement there?
Can you tell me how to change my PIN?
The recipient doesn't see the money transaction I made
What's a pending transaction? My card was declined at an ATM, but my account says it's still pending. Can I cancel the payment?
Why is my transfer pending when I already made it?
Hey, my card was declined at an ATM in the city centre theatre. My account says the transaction is pending, though. I didn't get the money, though, so what does that mean?
Is the PIN sent in another message?
Can I use this app to change dollars into euros?
There is a €1 extra fee in my statement
I think my card is being used by someone else to make purchases that I didn't authorize! I checked my account and see that there have been quite a few purchases over the last two days that I have no idea where they came from. We need to freeze my card now! And I need to find a way to get my money back.
what countries can i use my card in
I entered my pin wrong  too many times.
how to track the card you sent
Do you have an option for auto top up?
I transferred some money but it hasn't arrived.
Hello, I believe there has been a mistake made on the exchange rate for my card. Could you please check the official interbank exchange rate for me?
How long will it take for a bank transfer to show up on my account? It's been a couple hours but I havnt seen anything yet. Also it's from a UK account if that makes any difference.
How do I top up using my Apple Watch?
My Apple Pay top up with my American Express card is not working? Please tell me why
I need to deposit my virtual card, how do i do that.
I need another card for a member of my family. Is this possible? How soon can I get one?
I have a card that expires in the coming month, do I have to specifically ask for the updated card?
Why did my transfer decline
How long until the money is in my account?
I received the wrong amount of cash.
How do I link to my credit card with you?
I think someone may be using my card.
How can I activate my card>
I would like a refund on one of your products that has been sold to me
Can you accept my other card from the U.S.?  It is the only other one I have.
I want to transfer money using my credit card.
I tried to top up with my card but it's not working. I had just done this a couple days previously and it worked. Can you tell me what's going on here please?
I am looking to change my adress.
Will it cost anything to top up a US card?
I just realised I made the wrong payment yesterday. Can you please change it to the right account? It's my rent payment and really really needs to be in the right account by tomorrow
What do you use to figure out the exchange rate for the card?
Which fiat currencies can I use through this app?
How long is my Europe transfer wait?
Will I be charged for a cash withdrawal?
How can a payment be declined
There are incorrect charges on my account, there was a WD that was made by someone else.  I still have my card though.
Can I keep using my card after it expires?
There is an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
with what can I verify my identity?
A card has been sent to me, how do I track it?
I have a payment which has not been approved.
I need to close my account.  Your company is terrible!
Are both Visa and Mastercard offered?
reason i need to verify top up
I tried to pay contactless at the bus today and it didn't work. Any ideas why?
How much could I top up?
always exchanging currencies, do you offer a discount?
I want to set a new PIN
I did a transfer and was charged a fee that should not have been charged!
What is the current exchange rate for me?
what currencies can I receive my salary in with this?
Could you assist me in finding my lost card?
Where is my transfer from [country]?
I have been charged twice on my statement.
What ATM locations are near me?
what is this charge i didnt do it what can i do
i can not see my top up
Why is my card payment still pending?
Is it possible to order a virtual card?
I can't get google pay to work right.
I would like to know what the restrictions are for the disposable cards.
I do not feel comfortable verifying my identity.
How long until my new card gets here?
Can you tell me what the transfer policy is?
How do I activate auto top-up when traveling?
Will the system automatically update once there is no more money left?
There is an urgent transfer I need to make from China.  How long will it take to get it processed?
Since when do you charge to make a withdrawal? I've always done it for free. So how much is it now?
What is the first step that I should take after my card has been stolen?
I exchanged Russian rubles for British pounds today and got less than I expected. Was exchange rate correct?
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
What is the process of obtaining a disposable virtual card
My top-up was rejected
What are the fees for top ups?
is there a limit for top up?
when does the rate get determined
The exchange rate is incorrect for my payment.
Why was my top-up unsuccessful?
My top up is not working in Apple Pay.
can you assist me in activating my card?
Why is my PIN blocked?
what is the charges for new card?
Why has my card been declined?  whats the deal?
Why does a cash withdrawal show as pending?
Let me know when you charge for payments. I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
How soon will my balance be updated to reflect my transfer?
Are my friends able to add funds to my account?
Send me my card now! ASAP
I thought you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be right ? Money just disappeared from my account, How it would work ?
How do I see the source of my money?
I had the wrong exchange rate applied to some cash I got abroad.
What steps do I do to transfer money using my credit card?
I have arranged a transfer, but no longer need to send it. How do I stop the transfer?
What us the fee to transfer money from my bank?
My cash deposit from a week ago is still not in my account. Can you help me please?
Why did I get declined during a transfer?
A friend was telling me about her disposable cards. What would I have to do to be able to get that feature?
Please help my find out why there is an odd direct debit in my records.
Can you tell me why I was declined from getting cash?
What is the fee to top-up my account
Why is there an identity check?
I requested a refund but can't see it.
How can I check the source of my fund?
The app reversed a top off I had.  What should I do?
I would like to know how to work out where my funds came from?
I can't access my account.
What's the problem? I thought you offered crypto top up. This doesn't appear to be working at all. My money has now vanished from my account.
What credit cards do you carry
I transferred money and it hasn't come yet
Someone besides me might be using my card.
My card payment's cancelled
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal does not show up properly?
Can I link my new card?
I want to block my card or deactivate it or something, it's been stolen and I don't want it misused. I want this handled right away.
how do VR cards work
What happens when I money transaction doesn't show up on the receiving side?
What is the procedure for me to get more cards on my account?
How do I use American express to top up my account?
I can't see if the transfer I did a couple days ago is in my account yet. I double checked my info before sending, too. Can you check this?
I prefer mastercard.
Why is my top-up showing as reverted?
What do I need to bring for identification?
How can I link my bank to my top up account?
My card is very close to expiring. When can I order a new one and how do I do so?
I want one of those virtual cards!
How come I can't take money out of the ATM?
My card stopped working when I use it
Where can I get a physical card?
Changed details is essential, what steps do I take to do so?
How long is a transfer in the pending status?
I transferred some money but it hasn't arrived yet
When will it get delivered?
Do I get charged if i am getting money?
How can I set up Google Pay on my device?
In what increments can I top-up my card?
What happens when my card expires?
My card has been declined by two separate ATM, and I'm worried something is wrong with my account. Would you please see if my account is okay?
Which currencies are allowed?
Why is there an extra fee on my statement?
How can I check to see where my funds come from?
I can't get money out of the ATM
Some cash I didn't get shows in my app
On my disposable card, is there a transaction limit?
Why can't I see a transfer to my account?
How long does it take for deliver to the US?
My transaction is showing several times.
How do I re-order a damaged card?
At what age can I open an account?
I topped up but the app reverted it
I haven't yet received money that I transferred
Is there a auto top-up option?
Can exchanged be made to EUR?
What is delivery speed to the United States?
A duplicated payment was made for something.
Can I change my card PIN?
My card was declined
I only have one more US credit card, is it accepted?
How do I get a spare card?
My account shows a direct debit charge that I have never seen before
Why is the payment from my card still pending?
Why did I get charged extra?
The exchange rate looks wrong on a holiday purchase
Why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined . I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening .
I tried using my card and it kept getting declined, Why?
The app failed to verify me.
I only own one other credit card from the USA. Will it be accepted?
Is there something wrong with the transferring functions? I keep trying to transfer funds and only get an error message.
Where can I link a new card?
top up with credit card
What is the youngest age for an account?
Why was my transaction declined?
Why would my top up be cancelled?
Do I have a say when it's delivered?
What is your opinion on the exchange rate?
A false direct debit payment is showing in my app
Where do I need to go in the app to enter my card info?
I have to verify my identity. What do I need to do?
I noticed a charge for a transfer.  Why is this?  Is it because I did an international transfer?
how long til my cash out goes through?
I am looking to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service provided by you.
Trouble transferring transaction contact for help
The wrong exchange rate was used when I purchased an item.
How can I top up my account by bank transfer?
Do you accept credit cards from the US
How do I go about ordering another card?
Do you offer SWIFT transfers?
I was declined when I tried to withdraw cash!
Is there a top up fee?
Someone attacked me yesterday and took my things, so I am unable to use the app.  I am in need of some help.
Why does my statement show various transaction times?
Please help in finding my card PIN, thank you!
I see some fees for cash withdraw.
I tried topping off my account with a card, but the money is not in my account despite the charge going through
How often am I able to top-up?
How do I verify my new card?
When I attempted to make a transfer, it failed.
Why do you keep declining my payment? I tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
Where are cards available to order?
Is it possible to get a new card in China?
The cash withdrawal exchange rate is not correct.
WHAT IS THE ATMOSPHERE OF IT
I got a new card and can't find where to link it.
I've tried numerous times to submit a transfer of funds. Why isn't it going through?
How do I use contactless payments?
My money is all gone. What ways are okay to add money to my account?
Can my 8 year old grandson open an account at the bank?
I transferred money, why was charged for an extra fee?
I was retrieving money and my card wouldn't remove.
What currency is acceptable for a top up?
I was told I would be getting a refund but I have yet to see it
Where is this card accepted?
I was trying to top-up and my credit card was declined. Can you tell me why?
I need to report a stolen card
I exchanged cash when traveling and the rate was incorrect.
When can I expect the transfer to be complete?
What's the procedure with currency exchange?
what is this charge on my account
My card is due to expire soon.
I don't think I made this charge on my debit statement.
Are there any fees for top ups?
How long should I wait for the card to arrive?
Is it ok for a friend to send me money?
is there a fee for a transfer? if so how much will it be?
Will I know which exchange rate I will get?
I could not get the cash I wanted
I have waited 15 days, but my payment still hasn't cleared.
When will my account receive the money?
Is there a transaction limit on a disposable card?
My top up may have been reverted
I had a wrong fee charged at this ATM.
Can I unblock my pin?
what are you going to use my identification details for?
dont understand why transfer failed
how much do you charge to accept transfers
Which merchants accept my card?
Why does my statement show a $1 charge on my account?
I've got to have one of those virtual cards.
Hi! I was wondering if you can help me. I used the city centre ATM to get some cash, but the machine declined my card. My account shows that transaction is still pending. I didn't receive the money, so please cancel that transaction.
stolen phone, what should i do
My card is showing the same transaction over and over again.
I found my old card. Can I link it back into the app?
Do you support all countries?
Where is a ATM that accepts Mastercard?
Why was there a transfer fee on my account?
What form of payments can I use for topping up?
When I topped up the app has seemed to reverted it.
How long until my card is delivered?
I need help fixing my contactless. It's not working anywhere I go today.
How do I find my PIN?
What can I pay with? Does cash work?
How can I get cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been actually charged though...
wheres my money receipt
Can you help me track my card?
My new card has not been delivered to my home yet. What is going on?
Can I use my card while on vacation overseas?
I was charged a fee when making this transfer, and I don't think I should have been!
I'd rather not use my physical card, how can I get a virtual card?
What are the restrictions of the disposable cards?
i need a virtual card
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiery?
Hi, Today i have withdrawn cash from ATM but i got wrong amount and in the app it is showing much more amount than that.
What is the closest ATM?
I am not able to see the card PIN anywhere?
In the app, how can I make it show the new card that arrived?
I recently made a payment, and it is showing up in my account as "pending". What does that mean?
Is there an auto top-up option?
What cash stations take this card?
How do I know when my card will arrive?
Hello. How long does it usually take to transfer money to another country? I've made sure all the information is correct, but the transfer still says that it's "pending."
I already made a transfer and want to cancel it, how do I do that?
I noticed after looking over my transactions that I have been charged twice from an earlier restaurant visit this week. Is it possible that one of these can be removed so I get the money back for the one that is not accurate?
Is there a specific date i can have it delivered?
What is the length of time for one of these items to come to the U.S?
When can I order a disposable virtual card?
How can I change my address?
I am quite aggravated that I ordered online almost a month ago and I never got my package and I paid for it. I would really appreciate it if I could get a full refund back now.
why did my account decline a incoming transfer
Why have I been charged twice?
My transfer did not work, what was the reason?
Which countries are supported
I see a payment on my statement for  a place I didn't make a purchase at.
I would like to activate my card what do I need to do?
Hi, I'm trying to purchase a flat and I'm needing the first payment for the mortgage to go through on the flat I'm trying to buy. For some reason I keep getting an error.can you assist in making this transfer? What is going on?
Is my daughter eligible to open an account?
can i top up with apple pay
Could you tell me why my cash withdrawal was declined?
Can Google Pay be used for top up, please help?
Where can I do a cash withdrawal?
Please check the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday. I believe I have been overcharged.
I could not transfer to a beneficiary
I found my card again. Can I put it back into the app?
I purchased something abroad, and the exchange rate that was applied was wrong.
how old do i need to be to get an account for myself
I do not know where the transaction is.
I made a cash withdraw and it shows up as pending why is that?
Where is my virtual card located?
Tell me more about getting a virtual disposable card.
What is identity check?
Why am I being charged for transferring money?
How do I get my card back quickly from a bank machine that it?
What can you use the disposable cards for?
I don't see me 'top up' in my wallet
Can you please tell me why my card payments are not going through when I try to buy something online? When I put in my card payment it takes it but it comes back a while later.
Can you please help me with this exchange?  I am trying to get crypto and the app won't let me.
Is there a way to top-up when it reaches a certain balance?
For what reason can I not transfer money to a beneficiary?
Can you issue both a Visa and a Mastercard to me?
I would like to get an account for my child.
I paid with a card and there is an extra charge. Why?
The account transfer I was trying to do failed.
I have to make more then a few disposable cards per day.
There is a refund missing.
Can I make sure my card is delivered on a specific day?
The exchange rate for case abroad is applied wrong.
Where do I go to reset my passcode?
What do I do if a transaction shows up twice?
I have gone through my statements and noticed there is a large payment that I did not make. Can i still dispute the payment? its been a while
I want to cancel my card. I think someone else is using it.
I can't remember what my password is
Why does my transfer keep generating an error message?
How can I resolve a problem where my card won't go through at all?
Why is my balance the same?  I processed a transfer.
At which ATMs can I use this card?
Why is my transfer not showing
What is the process for activating my new card?
Why did my card payment get declined?
Show me where to order my card.
How old must I be to open an account?
I was charged extra or a hidden fee when I purchased something from you. What's the deal? I didn't authorize that charge.
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington swallowed my card. How do I get it back?
Do you supply both Visa and Mastercard?
I am traveling to Germany, Will I be able to use my card there?
Why has my top up not gone through yet?
I need to cancel my recent transfer as soon as possible. I made an error there. Please help before it goes through.
Will filling stations accept my card?
I have a pending payment from stuff I bought this morning.
Tell me about the card PIN?
is there a way to do automatic top up
If my card expires next month, will I need to order a new one?
I am interested in giving a second card to my daughter, how can I make this happen?
What would cause a transfer failure?
How do I get my PIN unlocked?
I believe my top up was reverted.
i need help, i lost my card
Hi, I was at a restaurant later the week and when I went to look at my account I noticed that I got charged twice. I would like to get my money back from one of those transactions.
My credit card transaction was declined for a loan payment.  Can you tell me why?
Can I order a card please?
top up cancellation
I need help because I drunken blocked my card?
I thought crypto top up with something you offered and it does not appear that it's working even though the money has disappeared out of my account. Can you tell me what's going on?
I tried to top up, but it didn't finish.
I wanted to know why i got an additional fee when i use my card.
Why am I charged a fee for using my card on some purchases?
I tried to make a top-up and it was canceled, why is that?
How can I create another card linked to this account?
My card payment has failed.
I need to make several disposable cards per day.
How long does it typically take a transfer to go through?  I sent some money to a friend earlier today, and she really needs it.  It still is a pending transfer, even though I sent it a few hours ago.
How do I receive money from someone?
I am trying to transfer money and something is going wrong.
Why did the cash deposit not show up in my account?
I was charged an extra dollar on my account and would like to know the reason.
What currencies can I hold?
Why is the exchange rate on my card wrong?
I can't find any option to top up with a cheque?
My card is stuck inside the ATM, what am I supposed to do?
Can this be used to receive my salary?
i am under 18 and i am trying to verify my id. why wont it work?
I have a transaction showing multiple times.
I have been charged a fee, I didn't know about this fee before! When do you charge extra for card payments?
I do not want a VISA card.
Is there a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
I'm not in the UK, is it possible for me to still get a card?
I attempted to top up but the app denied it.
A payment I didn't do shows in my app
I've used my account frequently over the last month to manage my payments from abroad for my new place. I noticed that my fees have suddenly increased. As a frequent customer, shouldn't I be rewarded rather than suddenly being subject to a new fee?
I need to cancel a transaction please!
what are the exchange rates for getting cash
How come there is a $1 extra charge on my statement?
I do not recognize the card payment.
I think someone has hacked my card!
How long is a delivery to the US?
How do I update my current residence details?
My top up is pending still
If I wanted to change my PIN, how would I do that?
How to verify top up card?
Do you charge for sending out more cards?
Can I use my account before the identity verification is complete?
I wish to remove my account.
I cannot find my phone, what should I do?
How much does it cost to top up by card?
On my app I can see that a direct debit payment that I didn't do, appears.
I tried to transfer money to a receiver and they didn't get the right amount. What is going on and who do I contact to help me?
WHAT IS THE MAIN REASON OF THIS PROBLEM
Why won't you accept my payment? I keep trying with this card and it's not working.
What is the reason I couldn't do a transfer to a beneficiary?
If I can, I would like to get both Mastercard and Visa from you.
I believe my credit card was stolen.
My friends want to top up my account
Please check to see if the band transfer I made a while ago from my UK account has safely arrived.
I am travelling and I was wondering what your exchange rates are
What is taking so long on my transfer from the US?
Are there steps I need to take before my card expires?
I tried to charge my card but it was declined. A couple days ago I was able to charge it and it was accepted. Is something wrong? Will you double check for me please?
My top up did not show up as shown and my money has disappeared, can you help me fix this glitch problem?
I couldn't use my contactless this morning, it wasn't accepted.
Do you hold money and if so, what currencies do you accept?
I need to change my home address.
My passcode won't work.
Can I transfer money to a beneficiery?
I have a charge for something I didn't buy.
What countries do you currently do business in?
Over the holiday I withdrew cash from the ATM and it seems that I was severely overcharged. Had I known that I would be charged those fees, I would not have used the ATM!
What is my identification used for?
What are the requirements to verify my identity?
I no longer need AUD, I need GBP instead, how can I make this happen?
I'm not quite understanding why my cash withdrawal is showing as pending.
I bought something and want the money refunded can I get some help with that?
I haven't received my pin
Can I write a cheque to top up?
I want to terminate my account
What do I need to show who I am?
Can I change my address?
Are there any extra hidden fees for exchanging currencies?
Please let me know what currency I can use to top up my account?
I tried entering my passcode and it isn't working. Can you help?
Can I automatically top-up when traveling?
Am I allowed to carry an additional card?
I would like a virtual card- where can I purchase one?
I lost my phone and need help so someone doesn't access my account.
Do I get to have one of those virtual cards I've heard about?
Today I was out eating and my card was declined. Why's that?
How do I go about transferring money into my bank account?
I can use this card at which ATMs?
How do I change my PIN abroad?
What currencies are accepted for adding money?
Will I see the transfer in my account within the week?
Can I change my PIN if I want to?
My address has changed.
I requested a higher amount for my cash withdrawal
There is a fee on my account. Why?
Where will I find my card?
unhappy with you, how to delete account
How do I verify the top-up?
I requested for a top-up but it has not reflected
I paid my rent into the wrong account, could you please pay it into the right account, it needs to be done by tomorrow.
When will the money be made available in my account?
I got $20 when I should've gotten $100
What are the steps of verifying an identity?
My transfer got declined.
Can both Visa and Mastercard be chosen?
My card was used without my permission, what do I do?
My card is expiring, how do I get a new one?
I tried using my card at multiple vendors and now it's not working.
What places can I use my card?
I want a new card
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank branch?
Why do I get charged additional fees on some payments, but not others?
What do I need to do to get my salary through this?
Can a card stop working?
I have another card from the U.S. Will you be able to accept that one?
How can I change my password?
Good afternoon. I made a transfer from my UK bank account.  I haven't seen anything on the account in the pass few hours. Please check the account to make sure everything is fine.
When I withdrew money from my account the other day, I noticed that there was a fee.  I didn't think that there were any fees for withdrawals...?  How much will I be charged?
I have lost my phone or it has been stolen.
Why do you need my name and ID
Can I add other people to my account, so they can top up?
I don't like that I have to fill out so much information about my identity.
Does the auto top-up have any limits?
I was not distributed the correct amount of cash that I asked for
Will any ATM's decline my card?
How can I alteration my PIN?
Why would my payment for my card show as pending?
I made a deposit this morning but it is still pending?
Payments from my disposable virtual card don't work
I need a single use card for shopping online
I am looking to get a Visa credit card, what must I do to achieve this?
I would like to delete my account please.
I think something went wrong, I didn't get the right amount.
How do I get my card on the app?
I am concerned about the security in my account and would like to make a dispute.
I need to get visa and mastercard
I am wanting to refill my card, is there a charge?
Cash withdrawal was incorrect at ATM.
Can you tell me when the transfer will be completed?
I left my card at a restaurant and now its missing.
I didn't get all the money I asked for
Am I allowed to change my PIN anywhere?
The app denied my topped up.
Someone stole my wallet a couple of hours ago now and they have taken money from my account. Is there any way that you can help so I won't lose any more of my money.
I would like to invalidate my account.  I am very disappointed with your services.
Why did I get a different card then requested?
How do I get started when I get my card?
How can I go about transferring money to my account?
Is there a way to set up an auto top-up?
Why would my card payment not work?
I had a duplicate card and got charged twice. How do I resolve this?
Do i need to verify my top up?
Why does my statement have an extra fee?
I can't use my card.
Do I have to manually top up once I'm too low?
Where can I order a card when I am in China?
Topping up my card is not working because I believe the top up is pending
How much am I allowed to top-up?
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card, and the bank is now closed. How do I get back a card swallowed by an ATM?
My pins seems to be blocked, can you unblock it please
Why would a cash withdrawal be pending?
Why did I only receive a partial amount of what I tried to withdraw?
Why hasn't the money transfer arrived yet?
I have found my lost or stolen card, would I still have to activate the new card that was sent to me through the mail in order to access my account?
My American express is experiencing a problem with apple play with top up, can you fix it?
Can I have my card delivered on a specific day?
While on vacation in Spain I think someone saw my PIN and I now need to change it, can I do this at an ATM in Spain?
why hasn't my cash arrived yet from my cheque?!
what I need to verify my account
Are all fiat currencies supported?
please delete account
Why can't I edit my personal details?
Can I directly transfer my salary onto here?
The ATM I used for foreign currency provided the wrong exchange rate.
Help!  I forgot my password.
I made an error in payment yesterday and I need it fixed asap because it's for my rent tomorrow.
I was charged more when I transferred!
Is there a discount for multiple currency exchanges?
I have used this account overseas recently. Has there been an increase in fees that I am unaware of?
I am still waiting for a transfer to show up
Can my PIN be changed in any cash machine?
google pay top up did not work
I want to change my pin number from an ATM. Is this possible?
How is the exchange rate calculated?
the balance on my account didnt change when i transferred money
What is this €1 fee in my statement?
How much is a physical card?
app doesnt think its me
Why was I charged a fee when I paid with card?
A payment that I didn't make appears in my app.
How long should my new card take to arrive?
How do I delete my account now
Can you explain where I can find the auto-top option?
Is it possible to give a second card from my account to my daughter?
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but wasn't able to. Is my card working okay? It's the first time I tried using it.
I did a transfer but its still pending
What is the reason for this fee I got after a simple cash withdrawal?
I want to op up my account by using bank transfer. How do I go about it?
Can you tell me why my card is not working? I keep trying to use it but it keeps rejecting my payment. I am being careful and entering the info correctly but it still happens.
I was doing a transfer and received a "decline" message.
Do you issue cards for someone living in the US?
need to know places i can withdraw money
Why would a transfer fail?
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once, second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
The app is showing a direct debit transaction that I did not perform
I got a new address and need to change my old one.
Do you know why my contactless won't work?
I was checking my statement and my top-up has been reverted
What is with the need to have all my ID information?
I want to top up from my Apple Watch, can I?
I do not recongize a payment in my account.
In reviewing my statement, I show I have two charges for the same purchase at the same time, which I have not made in duplicate? How do I get this solved?
I have tried to submit a transfer a couple of times now, and for some reason, it continues to be unsuccessful. Do you know why this may be?
What do I do if I still have not received my new card?
Where can I check to see if there will be a fee added to my payment? Are there specific instances that will result in a fee added?
do i have to wait for a physical card before i get my pin
Do you know the rate of exchange?
I just saw a fee on my account. When do these get charged?
What can I do to verify my card?
I did a cash deposit to my account, but I am not seeing it on my statement.
There is a charge for 1£ on my statement.  I do not think that I bought anything that costed 1£.  What is going on?
Will there be a fee to receive a physical card?
If I lost my phone, how can I stop someone from accessing my account through the app?
How can I obtain a virtual card?
Can I change my PIN abroad?
is it free to add money to my card
Are there fees for receiving a SEPA transfer?
how many uses are the disposable cards good for?
I'm not in the UK, can I still get a card?
I selected to withdrawal 30 pounds but only received 10. I'm still standing in front of the ATM. The app shows i took out 30 pounds also. How do i fix this?
Why would a merchant revert a card payment?
I just finished sending money, but it's not logging on the recipient side.
Can I reactivate a card?
I want to activate my new card.
I ordered a card a week ago, and it's still not here. What do I do?
My top up didn't go through
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards I can have?
How many card payments can I use on a disposable card?
My credit card has been declined.
My payment has been returned.
I need some help figuring out what this strange payment is on my account. It's stays pending and won't go away.
I need more money in my account. Can I add more by transferring?
Can you tell me why I was charged extra when I withdrew money?
Is there a reason my top up hasn't gone through
Is it permissible to hold money in multiple currencies?
Can I use my American Express to add money to my account?
What do I need to do to verify the source of my funds?
I can not get the app to know it is me.
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working on my device?
Can I add money in intervals to my account?  I will be traveling.
Hello, Please look into this matter urgently. As i have lost my wallet and i can see one withdrawal, now i do not want to loose more money.
How can I modify my details?
How can I transfer money to this account from another bank?
Which countries do you support?
How can I change USD to GBP?
Help me delete my account.  I am not satisfied with the service.
My exchange seems to have something wrong with it. I changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it appears I was charged way more than I was supposed to be.
I'm a new customer and tried topping up today for the first time. It's still pending and doesn't seem to be working. I need to get this fixed.
Seems like my top-up has failed
There's a direct debit I wish to dispute
How come I was charged extra when I withdrew cash?
I need a few more physical cards.
I just had a look at my statement. Why have I been changed for using the ATM?
Are there steps to see where my funds come from?
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I am not sure why.
The disposable cards, what are they for?
What is the best way to get my virtual card?
When can I use money sent to my account?
I see a charge of 1L I do not recognize on my statement
my statement contains an unknown payment
I havn't received my PIN yet.
I AM MISSING CASH FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT ACCORDING TO MY APP
I am unable to use my card for some reason.
Can I top-up as much as I want?
There is an unauthorized payment in my statement.
I see a cash withdrawal in the app that I did not do.
When will my balance reflect a deposit?
Can someone assist me with explaining how I can unblock my pin?
What are the limits for disposable virtual cards?
It's declining my transfers. Normally this works, but my card is being declined now and I've tried more than once.
My card was declined in a shop
My transfer hasn't appeared yet
Any extra charges for exchanging currencies?
I have made several unsuccessful attempts to make a transfer.  I'm getting frustrated at getting error messages and it not going through.
I prefer to get a Mastercard.
I see a transfer fee, but to my understand, that should have been free, what happened?
Hae there, I have a transaction that is in progress despite the fact that the ATM was not working, what do I do to avoid being charged?
Help me check where the funds came from.
I was charged multiple times at the same location at the same time
If I don't live in the UK, can I still get a card?
Will I get charged fees when I add money with an international card?
Is it a good time to exchange?
How do I go forth on transferring a sum of money from one account to another?
About two days ago now, I made a transfer from France but it hasn't arrived yet. Is it possible that the international transfer just takes longer?
In my app, a direct debit payment that I didn't do shows up.
What is the time for a transfer?
how long does it take to post atm with drawl
I was removing a dollar amount from my account and now don't have access to my card.
Why is there a €1 charge on my statement?
Is there a fee to top up a US card using a debit or credit card?
I placed a cash deposit in my account but I can't see it yet.
What fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
My transfer didn't work
After I make a payment, how long will it be before it transitions from "pending" to complete?
What currencies can I use?
I don't know how to verify my identity.
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
How can I periodically check the delivery of the card you sent?
Explain what the pending payment means?
how long until a cash withdrawal will show on my account
How can I cancel a transfer?
How do I know what my PIN is?
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one business day while they are processed, and then they'll depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please confirm that you have correctly entered your account details. SEPA transfers typically take up to two working days, while SWIFT transfers can take up to five working days.
The app passcode has completely slipped my mind.
How long with my cash withdrawal stay pending for?
Is it possible to link a new card?
When will I receive a transfer from europe?
cash and check deposit has not gone thru
What is the reason my transfer was declined?
Can I use Apple Pay to top-up?
I need my card frozen cause it was used without my consent to take money out. It was in an odd place.
Hello, I made a payment with my card and it's not working. It's been a while and still says its pending. Can you tell when this will go through?
I forgot my password
I don't see any change in my balance.
How is the top-up card verified?
Please explain the charge of 1L in error.  I have purchased nothing in this amount.
I don't know what this Direct Debit payment is.
Where are you present globally?
cash deposit to my account has shown a red flag.
My ID won't be verified!
Where is my cash deposit in my balance?
Why did I get a message saying that my transfer is not possible?  I have done this before no problem.  Please fix.
What are acceptable documents to prove my identity?
I only got $20 of the $100 that I attempted to withdraw.
When will my new card arrive?
In exchange for top ups will you take fees?
I tried the wrong PIN too many times.
Is there a reason I was charged a fee for using my card as payment? I've never had an extra fee before.
The conversion rate on the ATM that I used with foreign currency was wrong.
I want to use a European bank card for a top up. Must I pay?
Can i receive transfers from my employer to this account?
Will there be any extra fees for European bank card for top up?
What are the reasons that my mortgage payment won't go through? I'm getting an error and don't know how to correct to get this transfer to go through.
I want to reverse a transaction I did this morning
Is there a problem with the payment that I see is still pending?
Help me unblock my account.  I entered the PIN wrong too many times.
What can I do if my passcode won't work?
Where's the money from my transfer from Europe?
Why is my beneficiary being denies?
A percentage fee was charged to my withdrawal.
Can you tell me my code to get into the app?
Why hasn't my card payment cleared yet?
There is a record of payment I never submitted on the app.
where has my transferred money gone?
The expiration date of my card is approaching .
I need a transaction reversed from my account.
Help me terminate and close my account.
How do I replace a card that's going to expire?
I can't use my card for anything
Where can I find my fund information?
Will I get charged for topping off my card?
Why was the transfer declined?
Do I pay a fee for SEPA transfers?
It says "pending payment?" Why is it saying this?
I got charged twice
How is the exchange rate doing?
Please tell me about disposable cards.
What do I need to do in order to get a new card?
Why is my card not working?
Why did it cost money to transfer funds?
Am I allowed to use different currencies?
when should I receive my refund
The amount of cash I received was different than what I requested.
Can I get a card? I live in the US.
Why did the disposable virtual card which I used to pay a gym subscription get denied?
Can you tell me where you get your exchange rates?
My transaction from earlier needs to be reversed.
Why would a merchant revert my payment?
I am missing some funds from my account - I tried to transfer them using my credit card number, and it disappeared.
can other people use the app to add money to my account
How old do I have to be?
I need help verifying my identity.
Why was I not able to complete a transfer?
Hello, I tried to take some cash out of the ATM but I looked at my statement and it still shows that it's pending. Is the machine broken? Will I receive my money back or will I be charged for this?
Is there an amount limit to my top-up?
What do I do with my "decline" message on a transfer?
Are extra cards free?
I lost my phone. What do I need to do?
I've tried to send money to my friends and I keep getting rejected. Can you please tell me why, I don't understand.
Can you see my new balance yet?
Why isn't my cash deposit showing up in my account?
Why hasn't my cheque processed?
I need a disposable virtual card. Please tell me how to order one.
I'd like to provide my daughter with a card - could I get an additional card from my account to give her?
My wallet is empty even though I topped it up an hour ago.
I can't find the virtual card
A refund is taking too long.
What countries are you currently in?
It declined my transfer.
I want some extra physical cards.
how do i get a refund for a direct debit payment i didn't make
I was not distributed all of cash that I requested
Will it cost extra to add money to an international card?
How can I transfer money to my account?
I need to change my PIN. Can I do that at a cash machine?
I tried taking money from the ATM but no money came out, but the transaction is still pending? How is this possible?
Can you please explain why I was charged an extra fee for my transfer?
I had a transfer blocked
Help my prove my identity.
Can I get a physical card through this app?
I would like to cancel my previous transaction
Is there a fee when I add money to my international card?
I want to activate my card, how do I do it?
There was an extra charge when I made a transfer.
Where is my PIN?
I made a check and cash deposit that wasn't credited to my account.
Can I make an account for my daughter?
My card declined
Do you send duplicate cards?
Give me my card, I need it now!
I don't have my access code for the app.
How long should I expect for the card to arrive?
what steps do you take to check identity
i haven't received my order and want a refund
I purchased something while traveling, and the exchange rate applied was wrong.
I'm having trouble with proving my identity.
Has my account been frozen?  I tried to use my card but the ATM would not dispense cash.
I'd prefer a Mastercard.
Why hasn't my payment shown up yet?
Can I use this app for any currency?
Can I pay with my card anywhere?
When can I expect my card?
I am getting charged fees on some payments.  Please help me understand, where are these fees disclosed?
How long do bank transfers usually take?
Why is the exchange rate so exorbitant? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
Can I get the Mastercard?
How long is a top up supposed to be pending, because an hour is too long! Can you fix this to go through?
I would like to see the source of my money.
Can you help me with my card, I think it's broke.
Where can I reset the passcode?
Why was my card payment cancelled?
Can I get paid in another currency?
Can I top up with a cheque?
Can friends I have top-up my account?
Hello, I noticed there is a payment from my card to a business that I am not familiar with. I definitely did not make this payment.
I would like to have a Mastercard.
Why am I unable to take money from my card but the statement says the transaction is still pending?
Google Pay won't let me top up.
I tried to top-up, why didn't it work?
I tried to use the ATM with foreign currency. The conversion rate applied was wrong.
Why can't I get cash from the ATM?
Canceling my order is what I need to do right now.
totally unacceptable.  I'm stranded with no cash because the ATM wouldn't give me any money!
There is a payment that is not mine in the App.
How quickly can I transfer something to China?
Why is there a charged fee for debit or credit card payment?
Do you guys accept Visa or Mastercard?
What is the process for getting an actual physical card?
Why did my top-up not go through?
i withdraw cash from the ATM and was charged a fee
How come you need to know my identity?
I bought something abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
I sent a cheque a few days ago and i noticed that no money has been put on my account. Can you please tell me the situation of my account?
My payment was reverted by the app
what do I need to do if the ATM kept my card?
I made a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending" in the account. How long will this payment take to complete?
Where can I locate my PIN at?
My card has been found. Is there any way for me to put it back into the app?
Can you explain the various transaction times shown on my statement?
Do ATM cash withdrawals carry a charge now? They've been free in the past, but all of a sudden I have to pay to make ATM withdrawals?
What are the steps for changing my passcode?
What are my payment options for topping off my account?
The passcode isn't working for me.
Why am I unable to withdrawal cash?
Google pay top up not working.
How old do my kids have to be to use your service?
My card has been compromised
How do I request a disposable virtual card?
Can I change my details because I moved?
I would like it if I could get an item refunded
Can you tell me why my card keeps getting declined every time I try to use it?
I need to verify my funds.
I have a top up card. Where is the verification code?
I tried to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared!
Do you have a children account available?
Can I have a second card?
I'm supposed to have a refund but it isn't there
What is the process for transferring money into my account?
How can I get my PIN unblocked?
There's a possibility that my card was compromised.
I moved to a new city and need to change my address
where do i go to transfer money from one account to this one
I saw a payment i did not do
Why was there a fee for my transfer?
A fee that shouldn't be there is there after using my card!
Please help me with my card.  It won't activate.
Something went wrong with my withdrawal. The amount of money isn't right.
Is there a fee for sending out more than one card?
Am I free to top-up as much as I want?
The app is not able to realize that it is me.
Can you show me how to verify the top-up card?
I have forgotten my passcode to access my app
What reasons would cause my card payment to be cancelled?
I am having trouble transferring money to a beneficiery.
What information do I need to see my source of money?
Tell me what I need to do to activate my card.
Is there a way to undo a transaction?
Transfers can take up to one day to process before departing for the beneficiary accounts. Please confirm that you've entered your account details correctly. SEPA transfers can take up to two working days, while SWIFT transfers can take up to five working days.
What did you do with my money??? I just topped up, I saw the money was there, but now it's gone!! What did you do with it?
I'm having problems making a transfer to another account. I keep getting a declined message. I know that the information I'm putting in is accurate because I have checked it more than once.
I'm in Spain and my stuff has been stolen. My card was with it and I need a new one shipped and the old one frozen.
What apps can I use to top up my account?
I desperately need to change my PIN, but I'm overseas on vacation right now. How can I do this?
When exchanging currencies, is there an extra fee?
The app is showing a cash withdrawal that I didn't make.
How can I get my card out of the damn ATM?
I have been waiting longer than expected for my bank card, could you provide information on when it will arrive?
I have never been charged for making an ATM cash withdrawal before, but I am now being charged a fee to withdraw cash. What happened?
My card is being declined online. Could you tell me what might be broken or wrong with the account?
My card payment failed.
For the identity check, what kind of documents do I need to have?
I do not see the money I transferred into this account
What's the minimum age for opening an account?
I did all that was asked of me and I am rather frustrated. I don't understand why you just won't credit me my money back. I have contacted the seller and nothing has been done. It's been a week!
My app statement shows I took out cash from an ATM but I did not. What can I do?
I should have a refund in my statement but I can't see it
Hi,  I have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. Now i have transfer the difference of the amount. I think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
How do I delete an account?
Am I able to Top Up with Apply Pay?
Is currency exchange possible?
Does Apple Pay give the option to top up?
The transfer keeps failing - I tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, I have no idea why
what to do about stolen phone
Why was there an extra charge when I transferred money?
Is it possible to transfer money to my credit card?
What foreign exchange rate will I get?
I would like a Visa card.
How can I speed up a transfer?  Mine is pending.
My app was on the phone and I was mugged.  What do I do?
There was a problem with the exchange rate on a purchase.
What steps do I need to take to change my card PIN?
Where do you get your exchange rates from?
What to do if my physical card is not working?
Is there any way to verify who I am?
Do you have Visa or Matercard?
I tried paying with my disposable virtual card earlier but it was rejected. What can I do to fix this?
Can I have an item refunded?
Why was my cash withdrawal given the wrong exchange rate?
I was trying to use my virtual card at a merchant and it was rejected. How can I fix this?
I need a new card and I live in the United States.
I logged in wrong and am blocked, how do I log in?
How to I transfer my funds into my account?
I asked for more cash than what was received
Do you give out Visa or Mastercards?
what are exchange rates based on
I am still waiting on my bank transfer
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
Is there a way to make my money usable in another country?
What are the steps to getting a virtual card?
Hi, I don't think your exchange rate is right. I need you to check the official interbank exchange please.
Can cards be dispatched on a specific date?
I believe my card has been compromised as there are funds showing that I did not receive.
Is their a fee for top ups?
Explain the extra fee on my card when paying.
The top-up is pending.
Hi, In morning, i was trying to withdraw money from my card, but it got declined. So far it was working fine. Could you please check my card.
Is my credit card supported for top-ups?
Do you charge if I use a European bank card for top up?
My cash withdrawal was short.
How can I fix my card, it got declined twice.
My entire gym bag, including my wallet, was stolen out of my locker today. Everything in my wallet is gone - how do I block the card to make it can't be used?
How do I contact customer support about a transfer?
Where did my extra fee for the transfer come from?
I just found a payment from a while back in my account that I didn't make.  Can I still dispute it even though it was a couple of months ago?
I noticed an extra $1 charge on my statement, can you tell me why that is?
Can I top-up my google pay?
I took cash and got charged a fee
IM still waiting for my account to update from a cash deposit?
are there any exchange fees
Is it free to transfer money or is there a fee?
My transfer seems to be too expensive.
How do I deal with a stolen card?
I just transferred some money into my account and do not see it updated yet, can you assist?
I have been charged twice
Please help me regarding a direct debit in the app that I don't recognize.
What is the number of transactions I get with a disposable card?
I already paid to top-up but the funds aren't available yet, where are they?
Can you please assist me in Apple Pay, in getting Top Up to work?
How often do your exchange rates change
Is there an additional charge for topping up using a European card?
If I want to get an account for my daughter, can I do that?
Why was I charged an extra fee when using a card?
My PIN seems to be blocked, help me access it?
I want to top up by card, what do you support?
What are the age requirements for opening an account?
I broke my card
Do you have an age limit?
What US cards do you accept?  I only have 1 other.
I don't recognize what this payment on my statement would be for.
Is there a problem with the top up system? My transaction hasn't gone through properly
My card has not come in the mail yet.
Your service is bad.  Close my account.
Can I use a different bank ATM than my own?
Says my transfer can't be completed?
Why was I charged $1 in a transaction?
Is there a way to track the new card you sent me?
I just have one additional card from the USA. Do you support that?
Delete my account now please.
How long will it take to urgently transfer something to China?
When can I expect to receive my card?
Why does my top-up get cancelled?
How do I unlock my account after typing in the wrong PIN too many times?
Can you help me with proving my identity?
How do I report possible fraudulent activity on my account?
Is ordering a new card from China available?
Would I be able to get an account for my child?
Why isn't my transfer not going through? I keep getting an error message.
I have been charged a pound for something that appears on my statement
Why is top up not working if I use my American express with my apple pay?
I don't see a code anywhere on my top-up card? Where can I find it? I need to verify!
What is this extra fee that I got when I used my card to pay?
Can you delete the account?
What type of card will I receive?
Do you have a top-up limit?
Should I be seeing a fee applied for my money transfer?
How many countries do you work in?
How can disposable cards be used?
Where can I find an ATM?
Why is my card payment cancelled?
What is your maximum top up limit per day?
Could you please recommend what I should do if my card keeps getting declined?  I planned to top-up today but I am unable to get it to work.  I need a fast solution to this problem.
What are the countries that you operate in?
My withdrawal from the ATM was cancelled.
I want to take back my transaction
How come I can't find my payment?
How many disposable cards per person?
I prefer Mastecard.
How do I report my card lost or stolen?
Can I have money of different country of origin.
I was wondering about transferring money into my account and how it works.  Can you tell me about that?
Do I get a card to keep in my wallet?
There's an unauthorized cash withdraw
i withdrew cash and dont see it reflected on the balance
If I want to can I set up a new PIN?
What steps are taken to transfer money into my account?
Hi, I have an apple watch. How do I use it to top up my card?
Shopping on line I was declined when trying to buy something.
What is the estimated time on an urgent transfer from China?
I put money into my account for the minimum balance but the application didn't accept.
I used the ATM to get money out and did not realize I would be charged as much as I was or I would not have done that!
Why won't my card work anymore?
Why is their a charge pending on my card still?
The ATM didn't give me the full requested amount
Why can't I get cash out?
Can I get a card if I don't reside in the UK?
Why is there a verification to identity
I had made a transfer but its still pending.
I haven't received my virtual card.
What are the fees associated with top up via transfer?
I can't get any money from my account.
I saw a fee on my app from one of my payments and I wasn't sure where it came from. Is there a way you can tell me when there's an additional fee for my payments?
My new card hasn't came in.
How do I claim a refund?
Can you please show me where I can find the location to link my card?
Although I am not located in the UK area, may i still receive a card?
Do you receive SWIFT transfers?
My card expires soon, will you send me one automatically?
Are there any disposable virtual cards?
I still don't have my card after 2 weeks.  What should I do?
app malfunctioning, does not know its me
What is the extra fee that was added when I used the card?
Why is there a fee for getting cash?
I would like to report an issue with my product and want to get it refunded
i do not know what this charge is for
I need to verify my identity
How do you do currency exchanges?
Can I be topped up once I hit a certain balance?
There is a payment showing as pending and hasn't posted for a few days.  When will it post?
How do I go about exchanging currencies with this app?
My currency rate is inaccurate.
Can I change my PIN on my phone?
I am sure I have plenty of money to transfer but my transfer is being declined.
My transfer will not go through.
I need to know if you will accept my credit card.
Help!  What should I do?  My phone was stolen yesterday.
What's the refund process?
I need to update my info.
My actual card isn't working.
I want to use bank transfer for topping up my account. How is it handled?
Why do the top-ups need to be verified?
How do I make my card show up in the app?
Can you tell me what countries you offer support for?
I'm still waiting for my new card.
I got charged a fee for transferring money.
Do I have to pick a creditcard brand?
I bought this item and was charged the wrong amount can I get a refund?
There is a suspicious direct debit payment.
I need to change my account details
Can I use app to unblock my card?
Can I still use my account, even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
It seems there is an incorrect listing of a direct debit payment on my app that I did not make
How are your exchange rates calculated?
Every ATM I visit is rejecting my card and I don't know why. There should be money on it. Can you check it to see if something is wrong or if I'm doing something wrong?
HOw do I get my card back after the ATM has pulled it in?
I just saw a charge for a cash withdrawal that I made! ATM withdrawals have always been free in the past, so why is there suddenly a charge? What is it going to cost me now?
Since my pin is blocked, would you help me unblock it?
There is  a charge I don't recognize.
I am still waiting for the cash to be returned from a cheque I deposited!
On my statement, there is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending. What's causing that? I haven't purchased anything that's just a pound.
If I bought something I didn't like, can I get a refund?
What is the current exchange rate?
I am missing my refund.
The check I deposited yesterday isn't listed yet.  Isn't that pretty slow?  I need to see the balance increased by that check.
I have been charged a fee for getting cash
My transfer's stuck on pending.
Will I be charged for transfers?
Does the app top up automatically?
Help me change my PIN.
I just realized I made the wrong transaction yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow Please.
I made a purchase this morning, and it is showing as pending.
How long does it typically take for a pending ATM withdrawal to clear?
Where do I find how to top off with a check?
Why is my transfer appearing as "pending"?
Why was I charged extra when transferring?
When traveling, can I auto top-up my card at certain times?
I don't have my card in 1 week.  Should I be worried?
Does the fee for exchange change?
Is there a longer processing time for international bank transfers?
Is it possible to use an ATM when I am not in the country and make a withdraw with out extra fees?
when will the balance on my account change form a transfer
My first choice would be Mastercard.
I payed with the card and there was an extra fee?
Is there a fee for exchanging cash?
How limited is a virtual card?
Do you have support for flat currencies?
I just looked over my statement and I don't recognize the name of a card payment.
There was some money taken from my account that I don't remember paying for. Am I able to look up this transaction which was a few weeks ago to see who took out the money? Im not sure I need a refund just want to check to make sure it's legit.
I want to reactivate my card, I found it after thinking it was lost.
what is the fee for a transfer into my account
What cards do you accept to top up my account?
How do I go about ordering a new bank card?
I am still waiting for verification.  Can I use my account before I am verified?
my transfer isn't there
Why is my cash deposit not in my account?
How do I get a refund for an unauthorized direct debit payment?
Get an item refund
What do I need to do to get cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I requested but the app is showing the amount to be correct.
Is it possible to cancel my transfer?
The app won't let me transfer money to a beneficiary
What do I do if my Google pay top up isn't working?
How do I make my virtual card work?
I would like to order a virtual card, where can I get one?
do you accept from usa credit card?
Does my account have the option to hold multiple currencies?
How do I perform identity checks?
How long do I have to wait for Europe transfers?
What is the reason that my top-up is still pending?
Are my contactless settings correct? I tried to use it today but it wasn't working.
When is my balance going to update, I just transferred some money
Around one or two weeks ago I purchased something but there's seems to be an issue. I have already received one of the items, but today the money was placed back into my account. What is happening?
For what reason did my top-up fail?
Why did the ATM cancel my transaction
Verifying the top-up seems like a hassle.
There is an extra charge on my app that I was not told about or I was aware of!
Can I have it be delivered at a certain time?
i would like to dispute a direct debit payment
Can you please advise if there is something wrong with my card? I have had multiple rejections and do not know the reason. Thanks!
I have a new email.
i want to close an account but im not sure about setting up a new one in the future, what do you recommend
I found my card, I would like to reactivate it.
Why can't I get cash?
I need my PIN unlocked.
Can the card be mailed to Europe?
How much is the limit for top-ups?
If I want to topup by card, how do I do it?
Where do I go to edit my personal details on my account?
Can I exchange USD for GBP in your app?
what is the amount of disposable cards I can have?
I was getting cash and the card got stuck inside
Money is not in recipients account.
Since I got married, I need to change my name.
I just noticed my transfer was declined and I don't know why. Can you help me?
Do you accept cash?
How can I tell if my top-up has been cancelled?
Why is my balance still the same after a cheque deposit?
Can I have a supplementary card?
I would like to request a card.
Do I have to use a bank approved ATM to withdraw money?
is it ok if i use both visa and mastercard
Why can I not do a transfer to a beneficiary?
What happens if the ATM gives me the wrong amount of money?
Hi I am trying to transfer money to another country but it is showing pending and it has been a long time.  I have checked numbers and they are correct.  Could you please help?
Transfer declined.
How can I check for an unsupported merchant for my transfer request?
What should I do if I want to get another card for someone in my family?
Help!  The app says I took out cash but I didn't!
When I got cash, I'm pretty sure there was a glitch that overcharged me.
I refuse to verify my identity.
I got my new card where do I go to activate it?
I should not have been charged a fee for my transfer.
My top up did not complete.
What's go on, where is my new card?
atm ate my card
I'm still waiting on a payment
Can I change my information?
terminate my account please
I cannot verify my identity
I didn't get cash from an ATM, but the app says I did
Please delete my account and personal information.
Can i add a new currency to my account?
I tried entering my pin several times incorrectly. Why isn't my pin working?
Do I get Visa or Mastercard?
Can I see my available money?
My cash withdrawal is showing as pending, why?
Why am I unable verify my id?
Am I able to track a card that has already been sent?
Someone that I had to send money to told me that they didn't receive the full amount I sent them - can you look into this?
What's the phone number to freeze a card?
How long are deliveries to the US?
Is there an extra fee to exchange currencies?
Will any business take this card?
im worried about fraud how do you protect my account
I need to top up, can I use google pay?
I need to add more funds to my card today because it keeps being declined, and I need to use it immediately. Can you fix this or tell me alternatives?
my payment was rejected, do you know why?
I have to quickly transfer something to China. How long will it take to arrive there?
A pending charge of 1L appears on my statement.  Please explain as I have not made a purchase for that amount
When do i get charged a fee for using the card?
Card payment is showing as pending
still waiting on my new card
Why am I being charged the wrong currency exchange when I purchased something abroad?
Does this app have the same exchange rate as third parties?
What is necessary for the identity verification?
Why is it taking so long for my pending transaction to post as cleared?
What is the Top up rate charge for using a card in the US?
how come when i asked for 100 it only gave me 20.00 in the app
Ordered awhile back, what is the ETA in the US?
Where can I use this card?
Why is a transaction showing as pending when I recieved cash from an ATM?
Can I get a mastercard?
My card couldn't pay in a shop.
Hi i received an error message informing me about the transaction failure. I have done the money transfer before and it never failed. Please let me know what is the issue this time.
How can I tell if there will be a fee added to my payment or not?
I got a extra €1 fee in my statement
Why was I charged extra when paying with card?
What do I do if I see a cash withdrawal on my account that I don't remember making?
My card hasn't been working when I try to use it.
Why is my payment declined? It looked like everything worked ok and my account was fine.
It appears as though my card payment was duplicated. I paid at the store earlier today. The first time it was declined and the second time it worked. The app is still showing one of the payments to be pending. Please take one of these off because clearly the first was declined and is not correct.
Can I order a new card to China?
I am upset with your service.  Please delete my account.
I am unable to use my card.
Please help me set up a new PIN.
Can I open an account for my offspring?
Your top-up function isn't working, it still says pending even though I know my card works.
Are there specific ATM's that I can draw money from?
How many purchases can I make with one disposable card?
Will this app allow me to exchange currencies?
I'm stuck here at your broken ATM and I don't know what to do next. Asked for 30 pounds, got 10. ATM said I got 30. Something very wrong here and I want my money now!
I want to hold and exchange fiat currencies, what can I use to do so?
I was charged for something I didn't expect
I see a direct debit that I didn't authorize
How do i verify my card?
Can I top up any amount?
I would like to know where my source of funds came from.
Could you please explain why I received a message that my transfer is not possible? I've never had any problems making a transfer in the past.
can i order cards on the app
I need to add my new address now that I've moved.
Why am I being charged to transfer funds?
what was the $1 fee i got
I deposited a cheque, but my account balance stayed the same.
what is the fee for topping up by card?
I couldn't pay with my card
I am not in the UK can i get a card?
Help me please!  My card was stolen!
Can you help me process a refund?
Do you convert to Euro?
$1 charge in transaction.
Can I receive payments in another currency?
I recently made a transfer but I need to cancel it as soon as possible.  Please let me know when this happens.
There are duplicate transactions on my account
Why did my transfer not go through?
How can I change the currency I'm exchanging from AUD to GBP?
I need help with understanding why my card is not working.
I have a transfer from the US, How long is the wait?
How do I complete the ID check?
Please help me cancel a transaction.
Which countries does your service work in?
The amount of cash i have received is not correct.
Can you tell me where to go to get a disposable virtual card?
What are the top-up limits?
I have my card, when whill my PIN be available?
can i use my mastercard to add money to my account
Do you guys accept cash? Because i deposited some this morning and I can't see it in my account.
how do i find out about transfers
There was a transaction this morning that I'd like to reverse.
Do you know if there is a tracking number for the new card you sent me?
Help my verify my id.
I need to know where this charge is coming from?
I needed cash today, so I used another provider's ATM, and when I attempted to withdraw, it declined. I just checked it out and I'm still showing my account with that amount pending! I didn't take any money out, it was declined, so I don't want that to be processed as a withdrawal.
I am just waiting for the transaction to be completed.
I have a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
Help me verify my identity.
How do I track the card you sent me?
I've completely forgot the code to get into the app.
I made a transfer but my balance hasn't been updated
Is it normal to be charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
How much time do transfers typically take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
Why am I being asked to verify my identity?
How do I link my replacement card?
My payment shows that it is pending will I be charged more money?
Where can I get money from my card?
There is an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account for 500£.  I definitely didn't make this withdrawal.  I need your help.
There is a withdrawal that isn't mind in the app.
The app is telling me that I am not me.
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me a different amount than what I've been charged though...
I see a direct debit transaction in my history that I did not set up.
Need help with my card. It's not working.
Help my activate my card.
how much will I be charged for making a transfer?
Will my card be a MasterCard or a Visa?
Why would an ATM swallow my card?
What is the extra €1 on my statement for?
I thought I can make transfers for free, this is not fair. I bought something online from abroad and there was some weird additional fee that I've never seen before?
I am trying to complete a transfer but I keep getting an error message.
Can I top up using my car?
I urgently need to transfer something from China. How long can I expect it to take?
Does it cost anything to buy something from another country? Like is there going to be hidden transfer fees or currency conversion fees?
I have a fee showing from last time I used my card.
How about disposable virtual cards?
I want to get a Visa and Mastercard, is it possible to get both from you?
Is the PIN separately delivered?
Why couldn't I transfer funds to my beneficiary?
Please tell me where I can update my details since I moved.
Is there a location near me that i can change my PIN?
Will I be charged any fee for receiving money?
I want to change my personal details.
How long will it be  before the person I sent money to is able to see it?
Please give me a Mastercard instead.
When will I receive the cash payment from the check I deposited?
There is a weird payment in my statement.
Will I be charged if I use European bank card for top up?
The wrong exchange rate was used when I bought something with a foriegn currency.
How many miles away is the ATM?
Is it possible to get one of your cards in the European Union?
What am I being charged an extra pound when I haven't bought something worth that much?
I am looking for my top-up verification code and cannot find it.
Are refunds allowed for certain items.
I cannot view the refunded amount in my account.
Where can I find top up by cash deposit?
When will my transfer arrive from Europe?
Will I be charged for topping up?
Is there an auto top up feature?
Why cant I send money to a beneficiary?
How do I add money to my card?
I've been waiting for a refund where is it?
How do I request a refund?
I've just got married and want to change my name.
Is there an age limit for opening an account?
I was overcharged one extra pound!
Can I exchange money from abroad without additional costs?
There was a strange transaction made on my account a couple weeks ago by a seller I don't recognize. May you please check on this transaction for me.
What is the best way to exchange currency between USD and GBP using your app?
Editing my personal details
How do I receive a virtual card?
Can I transfer using SWIFT?
Why can I not make a transfer?
Where is the transaction I made to a friend?
i need a refund from you because the merchant is refusing, can you do that?
is there a way i can see source of money?
Just received a message that my transfer is not possible??  What is going on.  I have done this before with no issues.
Why is checking my identity important?
Are your cards available in Europe?
I made a mistake when making my last transfer, please cancel before it goes thru.
I can't prove my identity.
Why am I missing my refund
Is this card available to Americans?
What documentation do you accept for the identity check?
What kind of cards are supported?  What currency?
I should have received a refund however it is not showing on my statement
The amount of time that transfers usually take from a UK account is what?I just completed a transfer and it is not showing up at all. I'm wondering at this point if everything is actually okay.
A transfer was not allowed to an account.
Where is the closest ATM I can use?
If I make a top-up are there charges applied?
I don't understand the money transfer process.
How do I get my salary through this account?
This card payment isn't is recognition.
I tried to make a transfer and it failed.
Is there an age limit to open an account
My card payment didn't work
The app does not recognize who I am.
How do i cancel my transaction?
I haven't received my card.
Can it be delivered by a specific date?
When do i activate auto top-up?
Can I top-up my card using a bank transfer.
How do I obtain a second card?
I think something went wrong with my exchange between Russian Ruble and UK pounds. I was overcharged during the swap.
My top up didn't work.
I have been charged a fee that I didn't know about. Why have you charged me extra for card payments?
I am not happy with your company. Please delete my account asap.
Can you provide a reason as to why my transfer did not work?
I haven't been able to complete any transactions on my card today. Do you know what's wrong?
What'll it charge me for a SEPA transfer?
This morning I wanted to make a withdrawal before work, but my card was declined! Please double check it for me as this is the first time it was declined.
How long should it take for my new card to arrive in them mail? What should I do if I never receive it?
I used foreign currency to buy something and I think the rate applied is incorrect.
Help.  My card is broken.
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that I did not do
What is the highest amount I can top-up?
Although I transferred some money, it has not as of yet, arrived.
Why did the ATM swallow my card?
Can you remove my account please?
I want to choose a different PIN.
Can I use this card at any ATM?
Is it possible to change my PIN?
How do I go about getting hold of a virtual card?
Why am i to verify the top-ups?
I have a strange payment in my statement
Why hasn't my transfer gone through
What steps do I take to unblock my PIN?
I need to actuate my card.
can you top up your account automatically
A foreign purchase I made has the incorrect rate applied to it.
Why is a transfer I have still pending?
How long will it take to transfer something from China?
My top-up has been cancelled.
What is the identity check for?
If I was mugged and lost everything, how do I access my account and app?
What should I do?  I topped off but the app reversed  it.
The fee charged when I changed rubles into British pounds was too much.
Why did I not get my refund yet?
I have been charged with a fee for paying with my card.
Why am I being charged when I withdraw cash?
How do I know if i need a disposable card?
After purchasing an item I noticed the exchange rate was incorrect.
Why doesn't my balance reflect my transfer
Is there a pay structure for currency exchanges?
Is there a way I can check on the card on route to me?
I could only take the amount of money that was available to me which was less then I expected.
I was charged for a cash withdrawal.
What should I do if I think someone is using my card.
I have tried using my card for the first time at the ATM of Notting Hill to withdrawal cash but it didn't work. Does this mean my card isn't working?
It's been some time ago that I placed an order and it just isn't coming. At this point just give me back my money because I'm not paying them.
When are you going to activate my card?
Can I use any card and currency?
Delete all of my account information and my account right now.
Is it possible to delete the account?
Can I change the amount I made on a payment that I made to the payment is correct.
How long do tranfers from a UK account usuallt take for you? I just made a transfer and nothing shows up, so just wondering if things went ok
How do I go forth on holding money in multiple currencies?
If I need GBP instead of AUD what do I do?
I forgot my password to get into the app!
I can't find the auto-top up option.
There is a charge for an additional pound.
What are the reasons for my beneficiary not being allowed?
Earlier today I took money out the ATM. After checking the app the amount is so much higher than the amount I received.
There must be an issue, why has my card been cancelled?
What's my limit for topping up?
My ID verification hasn't gone through yet, but can I use my account anyway?
I was charged twice for an in-store purchase that I thought was declined.  My App says that it's still pending for one of the payments. Please make sure one of the charges is removed.
I am interested in changing my personal details.
I performed a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it has not gone through? Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
Please let me know how to place an order for a virtual card
How do you exchange currencies
My payment has been declined!! What's going on, I thought everything was alright and working well?
What areas are cards delivered to?
Hi there! I need to cancel an order I recently made and start processing a refund. Can you please help me with this and set up the refund as soon as possible? It's very urgent.
So, the card PIN?
Are there certain cards and currencies you support?
Why was I unable to complete my transfer?
Why did the ATM give me less money than what I requested?
Why do I have to verify the top-up that I started?
How can I report that my card was stolen? I made a police report first.
Why won't my top up work
How do I get my card?
What is the limit to a top-up?
Can you help me transfer funds from another bank account to this account?
I tried to transfer funds to a beneficiary and was denied. Can you tell me why?
Whats the maximum number of disposable cards that I can get?
My phone has been lost or stolen
I have a duplicate charge
I was trying to purchase some crypto and the app won't allow me to do it. What's the deal with this? I really wanted to complete the exchange.
What currencies can be used for top up?
The transfer I made isn't reflected in my balance
Please help me!  I need to cancel a transaction.
Can I use my card anywere?
I'm not in the UK, can I get a card?
Is there a discount for frequently exchanging currencies?
Can someone assist me with updating my account details with changing my last name?
Can you give me info about what to do when my card expires?
The cash I deposited using the ATM is still pending
Can this app help me exchange currencies?
The card I thought was lost was just in my jacket, so can I reactivate it since I found it this morning?
How long am I to wait before the transfer gets to my account?
I was charged an incorrect exchange rate for a withdrawal.
I am not able to use the app since I forgot my phone at the hotel I was staying at.
How do I use a card to top up?
Why are all my transfers failing?  I have the details right and they won't complete.  I've been trying all day and they still won't go through, this is URGENT, please help.
I'd like to use my American Express to place money into my account.
I live in the UK. Can I get a card?
My card is still pending, I've been waiting a while.
What transfer methods do you accept?
When would my card be charged an extra fee for a transaction?
So, I tried topping up my card for the today. Unfortunately, it failed. A couple of days back I used it and it works fine. Can you double check and tell me what's going on?
My refund isn't going fast enough.
Do I need to verify my top-up card?
I'd like to open an account for my children. How can I do that?
Do I get charged if I top up with my European bank card?
I want to change my name.
Transferred to account is not successful, help please?
can I use it all over the world?
I can't get my card out of the ATM
What are the fees to get a physical card?
It appears my card expires next month, can I order a new one?
I have forgotten my password.
Is it possible to purchase more physical cards with my account?
will i be able to open an account for my daughter
I attempted to deposit a cheque yesterday but the balance isn't showing today. Is it still pending?
Am I able to order a new card and have it sent to me in China?
Can I have it add money at certain time intervals when I travel?
Can my children open an account?
I don't recognize the direct debit payment from the app.
I am trying to delete my account.
My card doesn't work when I use it.
I was declined when I tried to take out cash!
My top-up does not seem to have worked, what  went wrong?
My cash withdrawl was declined why?
Do transfers from Europe take longer?
Unknown direct deposit
How long do I have to wait for the transfer to be finalized?
I was given the wrong amount of cash
How long will my most recent transfer take to go through? The recipient needs the money urgently.
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that does not belong to me
What do I do if the bank machine won't accept my PIN attempts anymore?
Can you please reactivate my card?
When do I receive my PIN
IS there anywhere that a card cannot be delivered?
What should I do if the passcode doesn't work for me?
Why is there a fee on a card payment?
Can I top up using my apple watch?
I think I deserve a refunded on a certain item.
I think I was charged extra on my payment on last Saturday.  Maybe the exchange rate was wrong?  I'd like a refund.
Why can't I get my top up to work in Apple Pay?
I guess exchange rate for my payment was not correct, as i charged extra on the last saturday.
Is there a limit to the top-ups someone can do?
What is the limit to disposable cards you can have?
I have a canceled top-up and wanted to know about it.
Does topping up my card have a fee?
Am I able to get a second card?
The exchange rates are?
Why would my transfer be declined? I've checked that I've put in all the right details, but it is still declined.
Where are the options to top up with a cheque on my account?
If I need more cards, are there any fees?
Help me!  I don't know what my password is.
Is there a limit on the number of times I can use a disposable card?
Is there a top-up limit?
Hi,  My money has not been credited to my account for which i have sent you cheque few days before. I am worried about the money please let me know the status.
Has my top up been reverted?
What do I do if I can't get my card out of the ATM?
When will my transfer go through?
Help!  There is a cash withdrawl on the account that I didn't make!
My card is expiring so how fast can I get a new one and how much will it be?
Hi. I just withdrew cash from an ATM and received the wrong amount. However, my app shows the correct amount I withdrew. How do I get the rest of the cash?
Will I get a real card?
I need my refund as soon as possible. What else do I have to do?
Can you help me get Top Up to work in the Apple Pay function?
I transferred the rent payment for my new place a couple days ago but the landlord says it's not there yet, despite showing up as done on my side. I checked the account number I sent it to and it's definitely correct. Can you please verify if the transaction really went through or not?
I haven't gotten my credit card in the mail.
Please tell me how to get a physical card.
Would it be possible to open up an account for children?
I received a fee I should not have.
If I top up using a European card is there a charge?
How do I obtain a disposable virtual card?
Can you please check if I was charged twice?
Please tell me how the exchange rate is determined. I was expecting more money for the transaction.
Tell me your opinion on the exchange rate.
The stupid machine just swallowed my card!! I need a new one ASAP
How many times can I use the disposable virtual card I have?
Please tell me the limit to topping-up.
How do I check security settings using the app?
When will the money reach my  account?
Why is verifaction required for my Identity?
The app reverted my recent payment
Can you give me a visa?
My transfer is quite urgent, and finally worked out, but I've been waiting for it for quite some time. Can you tell me how long to expect to wait for it?
I think a fee was applied for paying with a card.
How old does one need to be?
Where can I check out the source of available funds in my account?
My card was charged more than expected.
How do I link a new payment card?
Hi, I am facing issue with my card payment while shopping online as payment is getting reverted. I am struggling with this issue around two weeks. Please advise.
I used my card to make a payment a while ago and its still pending, Why is it taking so long?
Why am I unable to withdraw money even though in the past I've done it just fine?
can you tell me what cards and currencies you take?
Why has my transfer not arrived yet?
How long until my transfer goes through?
Are bank transfers immediate?
There is a card payment I do not recognise.
Why is it taking so long to update my balance transfer?
Where do I go to see the source of my available money?
How long before transferred money shows up?
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this, what should be done ?
Can you help me reset my password?
There is a cash withdrawal from an ATM listed but I don't remember making this withdrawal.
I am not sure but someone else might be using my card
Is verifying my identify important?
My PIN number was incorrect, and I can't access it.
Please help me.  I am still waiting on a refund.
How do I transfer money between two of my accounts?
Will you charge for a physical card?
I need to add a serious amount of cash to my card, how do I do that?
I didn't make this payment and it's on my app
If you to to account, hit activate, and follow the instructions, you can activate it in just a few seconds.
Why didn`t my topup go through?
Why was I charged an extra fee from the ATM?
My top-up hasn't gone through
you got the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal
I transferred some money recently and saw a fee on my account, what's that for?
A transaction to a friend still hasn't shown up.
There is a payment that I was charged two times for.
European bank card for top up will come with any extra fees?
An incorrect exchange rate was applied to an item I bought.
Why doesn't a return show up im my account from a purchase I made?
the money i transferred didnt arrive
Why did my top up get pulled back out?
What documentation is needed for the identity check?
How much does it cost to exchange currencies?
Can I get some help to get me card activated?
Should my cash withdrawal still be pending?
How old do you need to be to have an account?
When I used one of the ATMs in the city centre today, I tried to take out some money, but for whatever reason, the machine declined my card. Just checked it out in my account and that amount is still showing as pending! Is there any way that you can cancel this transaction, because I did not receive any money whatsoever from the ATM
What's the process for topping up my card?
My payment was stopped
Why hasn't my card arrived yet?
I just saw the exchange rate you use, but it's so bad that I can't believe that it's the official interbank exchange rate! Is this truly the official interbank exchange rate?
How can I receive verification for the source of my funds?
I don't have my card after 1 week. What are my next steps?
Why isn't my google pay top up working?
I was charged extra for a withdrawal
top up by my card is that possible?
There was an extra fee when I paid with my card, why was i charged this extra fee?
I have a pending money transfer
I made an ATM withdraw it didn't give me the amount I asked for but is showing a withdraw for that amount.
My card won't physically work.
Can you look at my account ans see why my card was declined
Will you guys charge me for topping up by transfer?
Money that I have transferred hasn't arrived yet
Can the card be mailed and used in Europe?
Are there limitations to what currency I can hold?
help me with my transfer
Can I set up to my account to automatically top up?
My transfer hasn't arrived
Will it automatically top-up money if there isn't a lot left?
How do I deactivate a stolen card?
What is the minimum age?
You've incorrectly calculated the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
I used my card to top-up but the money is gone!
I completed an in country transfer a few days ago and was sure to check the account information several times since the transaction was completed, but the funds are still not available. What is the problem?
I am 16 and just started working at McDonalds can I deposit my checks at your bank?
I made a payment but the app gave the money back.
There is a odd withdrawal on my account.
Can you assist me with unblocking my PIN? I put it in wrong too many times.
I bought something and received it, but the payment went back to my account. Is the seller okay?
I have not received the completed transaction.
Is there any nearby ATM's?
I need to figure out what these charges are on my account. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get all of this money back? Also, I need to freeze my card.
I want my card frozen right away. Money was taken out in an odd location I have never heard of.
What are the top up charges for all US cards?
this verifying the top up is annoying
Is there a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
What currencies do you do exchanges for?
I lost my phone. Can I disable to app?
What is the average pending time for a transaction?
How can people transfer money to me?
What is the procedure for depositing a virtual card
I need quickly transfer something from China. About how long will it take?
I tried to use my debit card, but the payment did not work.
What do you demand for identity verification?
I need my card to be delivered fast
How do I use auto top up?
What process should I use to transfer money into my account?
how long should i wait ti activate my card
How do I make my PIN work again?
Where do I need to live to get support?
Someone has taken my money and I don't know who
How do I receive my physical card
Would I be able to use SWIFT transfers?
Am I able to cancel a transfer I just made
Still waiting on a refund.
When will my top-up be completed?
How do disposable cards work?
What cards and currencies can I use to top up my account?
The ATM won't give me my card back. I need it back now!
What should I do with my atm that got stuck?
I am waiting for a pending money transfer to process.
I used my card top-up but all of the money is missing.
I am inquiring about why there was an extra fee charged when I used an ATM.
I tried to buy something online but my funds were transferred back to my account. What is happening?
How can I transfer funds from my bank to my top up account?
My phone was stolen yesterday, can you help me with this?
Do i have to verify who I am?
I'd like to make a new PIN selection.
Please explain the extra fee when I paid with the card.
where can i see money source?
I'm not sure how to provide my identity.
I forgot my passcode. Now what?
Why do you need so much id info from me?
I dont see my reciept
Why does my identity need verification?
My balance is not right. It has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
Do you process SWIFT transfers?
Can I see where my money is being transferred from?
I didn't withdraw cash but I see that transaction on my app
Can I unblock my card using the app?
How do I find out my source of funds?
how do I link an already existing card?
I live in the US, how long will it take for delivery?
So, I was just charged for my recent ATM withdrawal and any withdrawal prior to this has been free. What is the issue here?
Are there businesses that don't accept this card?
Whats the reason for my payment being declined? It looked like everything went through ok and my account was good.
Is there any discount for someone that exchanges currencies frequently?
Why is the exchange rate different than expected on my transaction?
I could not get my card to work at a shop.
I need some help now please! There are some transactions on my account that I do not remember purchasing. Can they be reversed? Can you please cancel or freeze my card so I don't keep getting charged?!
Why did I get charged a fee, I thought it was free?
How do I go about getting a virtual card?
what currencies can i use to add money to my account
Can you close my account please?
Seems like my top-up has not gone through
I would like to change currency
I tried to get $100 but I just got $20
How long will a transfer take from Europe?
My card data has been exposed.
My card payment won't work.
want a new card what are the fees
How do I report a stolen card?
My payment was terminated
The wrong rate was applied to an item I bought in a currency different from mine. Can this be changed?
I deposited a cheque and its been days and I still haven't received the cash!!
I'm interested in holding and exchange for flat currencies, what do you support?
My rate is not right when I used my card in a different country's money.
Hey I want to get a refund on something I bought, but not sure how to go about it. Can you please just cancel the payment, I have not received the item yet.
How do I order a new card before It expires?
I think my phone was stolen. What can I do?
My card is about to expire.
Why hasn't my son received the transfer I sent to him earlier?
The transfer I did hasn't arrived
I have a charge I did not make.
Can my account be topped-up by friends of mine.
What do you require to verify someone's identity?
Activating my card
Someone withdrew money from my account, and it wasn't me.
I am concerned that I am being doubled charged for several items purchased in the past week.  Please review my statement and correct.
Can I change my pin at a cash machine?
My purchase from this morning still is pending.
My balance was not updated after transferring money.
Can I get my money back on an item?
How long until my transfer will be available to me
I made a transfer and was charged extra. Why?
Please cancel my most recent transfer, it was a mistake. This is an emergency. It needs to be canceled before it goes through.
I tried to transfer some money and it hasn't done it yet - what's going on?
Hi, I checked my transactions and saw that I was charged twice during a restaurant visit. I would like to get my money back.
what is required documents for new card process ?
While I was drunk, I goofed my PIN number and your machine ate my card. How can I get it back?
How to I switch my money for the money used in another country?
My disposable virtual card wouldn't process my payment?
How can it be that my Card is not functioning anymore?
can i get a card if I live in the usa?
How can I open an account for my children?
I an not sure but it looks as if a card payment I made was cancelled.
What can I use to verify my identity?
My account says there are pending funds right now from withdrawing from an ATM, but my card was declined and I never took out any money. When will that money be deposited back into my account?
My non-physical card will not work
Got only $20 when I tried to withdraw $100.
How can I configure what currency my salary is in if it's in GBP?
How can I top up my account and which currency can I use?
I just made a transfer from France 2 days ago. It has not yet reached my bank. Is it possible it takes longer because it was an international transfer?
I would like to cancel my account.
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket this morning.
My card was stolen and used to make several purchases. Please freeze my card so no one can use it.
Hi, I am currently in the process of buying a flat and I am waiting for the mortgage to go through but it keeps showing up as an error.  Do you know what could be causing this and can you help me get the money over.
How will I know what the exchange rate is?
What are the steps for getting money from a friend?
I dont know what happened, but my payment was cancelled
top up not completed
Why was I charged multiple times for the same thing?
I need to make an immediate cancellation related to a transfer. This was a mistake. Please assist quickly so this does not actually go through.
I need to transfer some money to a friend who is in urgent need of some fast cash. How long will it take before she can use that money?
What do I do to stop unauthorized transactions on my card? I was never in the place from which the transactions on my bill were made and I never made them. Please help!
In regards to top-ups, can I do them via Google Pay?
My card doesn't work. I can't get cash out at an ATM
My top-up showed as complete, but it's no longer there! What's going on here?
Where can I verify my identity?
What ATMs take this card?
What's the earliest time to receive my card?
What is the verification code for my top up card?
How do I use a check to top up?
my check or cash deposit has not shown up
Why would I be charged more than once for the same transaction?
How do I dispute a direct debit transaction?
Who can top up my accounts?
Can this card be used at all ATMs?
i have been trying to top up my account with a check but it won't work
Cash has been deposited this morning but it hasn't came through.
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried another time today but same thing happened. What's Broken?
I want to top up by cheque
Why do you need all these details about my identity?
Why am I being charged a fee for using my card? If there is some print out of places that charge me can you please send me that?
I don't know where my phone is.
I believe my card payment exchange rate is incorrect.
Why is my identity not being verified?
My money is nowhere to be found? I talked up earlier and seen it. Now it has vanished. What is going on?
Where are my funds being sourced from?
What is the verification process for my card?
How do I top up with a cheque?
Why won't you take my transfer, I keep getting an error message.
What's the procedure for canceling a purchase?
How are currencies exchanged?
where exactly does money come from
How long will it take to deliver to the US?
I think my card is expiring, what happens then?
I'm not happy with service and would like to delete this account.
I am interested in cancelling a purchase
Can I get a Visa or Mastercard?
I have multiple of the same transaction
If I need delivery on a certain day, is that something that could be accommodated?
I didn't receive all the cash I asked for
Can you tell me how to top up on my card?
Who can send me money?
When I got my cash, the amount was not what it should have been, based on the exchange rate.
What fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
I made a deposit in the ATM and it has not cleared
Can another family member hold a card for this account in addition to mine?
When will the transaction be done?
Can you  tell me how to get AUD not GBP?
How do I set up an account for my children?
I have done a transfer within the country a couple days ago, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
Where can I sign up for a virtual card?
I bought some things this morning but the payment shows that it is pending
What do I do when a charge has been made that I did not make?
What is the max I can top up?
I would like to close my account.
What fee is included if I top up by card?
I have been double charged for a couple of things this week, and would appreciate a refund for the duplicate charges.
I did a cash deposit to my account but my balance is still the same. What happened?
Where do I find PIN for my card?
Will I be charged for receiving the money?
When do I see my recent refund in my statement
The exchange rate for my withdrawal was wrong.
My transfer is still coming up as pending.
I lost my phone. Can I use my card without the app?
Why haven't I gotten a virtual card yet?
Help me transfer money to my credit card.
How old can one use your service?
Can I top up my account with a cheque?
If the ATM only gave me 10 pounds instead of the 30 I requested, what do I do?
A transfer to an account was not allowed
The ATM didn't let me get any cash
Can you tell me if my pop-up went through?
Can you tell me the countries you operate in?
My disposable virtual card got rejected
I'm concerned because my cash withdrawal is pending.
Is there a limit for age?
I am not seeing a refund in my statement.
There's a direct debit on my account that I didn't authorize
I have never been charged a card payment fee before. Why did this change?
How do I go forth on transferring money into my account?
When did you send me my new card?
I withdrew cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
Why don't I have my transfer?
Nothing goes through on my card.
What does a pending transaction mean?
Please delete the duplicate payment that was made to my account. One payment is still pending and I do not want to pay twice.
What does it mean if it says that my payment is pending?
What do I do after my card expires?
What is this fee for transferring money?
Which outlets accept my card?
I  see an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did It charge me extra?
Can I receive a refund for an item I purchased?
Someone stopped my payment
The ATM keeps declining my card. I tried at two different ATMs. Can you tell me if there's an issue with my account?
Will I be charged a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
How do I transfer money from one bank account to another?
May I use my account now, even though the identity verification has not gone through yet?
How long is delivery to the US?
Do you charge for sending more cards?
Why is it necessary to verify the top up?
Can someone please assist me with finding my nearest ATM?
Why can't I transfer to a beneficiary?
My card payment has been stuck on pending. What is the problem? It should have gone through by now.
I have a transaction and would like to know if I it's cancelable?
ATMs, which ones will accept this card?
I saw a fee on my receipt from withdrawing money while shopping earlier.  Is there supposed to be a fee for this type of transaction?
I have a new card. How do i top it up?
I have been trying to make a transfer and it won't go through. I have checked all the receipts and its all correct but still won't let me do it.
What if I want to add a card I already have to the app?
I didn't think my country-to-country money transfer would take so long. It still says that it's pending so I re-checked all of the account information--everything seems right, so what's the deal?
How long does it take to prove my identity?
There appears to have been a reversion in my top up
I was charged a fee for withdrawing cash.
How do I activate my card, so that I can start using it?
Yesterday, I made an incorrect payment to the wrong account for my rent payment. I need this addressed as soon as possible and the funds transferred to the correct account by no later than tomorrow.
My top-up didn't go through
Why would I have a pending payment?
Can you tell me what currency I can have?
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
Do I get any sort of discount on volume for a lot fo currency exchanges?
My payments from my virtual card keep getting rejected.
Can I change my pin through the app?
How do I update my address?
My card payment reverted back, I think.
Can you deliver the PIN separately?
I do not see the card PIN anywhere?
It looks like I was charged twice for a single transaction
I need a new card, my current card is nearly expired.
If I want to add funds to the account using American Express, how do I do that?
i don't see the top-up verification code anywhere
My card doesn't seem to work.
Explain the payment that was declined!
I sent some money to somebody a couple of hours ago, and they still have yet to receive it.  They really need the money, how much longer are they going to have to wait?
Why can't I see my PIN?
I need to move money from another bank to this account.
I would like more physical cards
How can I perform a dual money transferring from one account to another?
Do you also have this extra fee on your statement?
My transfer hasn't gone through yet.
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank?
I am having problems with my physical card.
My withdrawal was cancelled.
Why was the exchange rate different when I withdrew my cash?
I think my identity has been stolen, can you check on unauthorized charges?
I would like to revert a transaction I did this morning
Can I add money to my card automatically during a trip?
It seems someone used my card! There are a few transactions from a small town in the middle of nowhere that I definitely have not made! Please prevent them from using it immediately!
From where are you getting your exchange rates?
The card payment I made didn't work.
Why do you require identification documents
My job requires me to do a lot of exchanging currency, and I was wondering about any possible discounts or lower prices.
I would like to terminate my account.
I have trouble proving my identity.
I got money overseas and the exchange rate was wrong
I found the card I thought I lost this morning. Can I reactivate this card?
For you, how long do transfers normally take from a UK account? I completed one just now but nothing appears. I just need to be sure everything is okay.
what are weekend rates for getting cash
I was charged a fee for my transfer.
I was expecting my new card and am wondering why I haven't received it yet?
If I want to top up, can I use Apple Pay?
How do I find the code needed in order to verify my top-up card?
I do not have my pin
My cash withdrawal says pending, why?
There is a transaction showing up several times.
Everything I have was stolen yesterday making it so I don't have access to the app, what should I do?
My cash deposit hasn't posted to my account.
There is a single payment on my card which shows as pending.
A fee came along with me paying with card
My card info was stolen, what do I do?
Why am I not allowed to add a certain beneficiary?
lost phone, dont want others to access account
How can I reset my passcode?
There is an odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's the reason for that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound.
When using a US card, what is the cost for a top up/off?
How long does it take for a refund to appear?
How do I get a disposable virtual card as well?
phone is gone
Do I need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
How do I locate my PIN now that I have my card?
The money disappeared after I topped up my account.
Why hasn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
How young can someone be in order to open an account?
How long can I expect a transfer to pend for?
Why do I need to have my identity verified?
I'm at an ATM and withdrew 30 pounds and was only given 10. What should I do?
I changed the currency, but why is it costing more?
I want this fee reversed from my account.
I made a payment but the app reverted the payment.
My card is stuck in the ATM?
What do I need to do to activate my card?
Did my refund go through? It's not on my statement.
My payment was put back, I think.
What number of times can I top-up?
where is my money from this morning
Hello, I didn't receive the right amount on my ATM transaction,  the app shows the correct amount how can we fix this
What do I do if I think someone managed to get my card information?
I don't see the transaction I made to a friend on my account.
The wait for this transfer seems to be taking a very long time.  It is very important that it goes through quickly. Can you please tell me how long it may take?
My card is going to expire, what do I do?
why would a merchant refuse a payment
Is there a way for you to find out why my account was deducted from a seller when I didn't approve of it?
Can you tell my why my card payment has been reverted.
How do I change GBP to AUD?
Why am I required to verify my identity?
I initiated a Bank transfer form Europe, how long will this take?
I am very dissatisfied with the services that you are providing.  I want to cancel my account.
If US cards have a top up charge, what is it?
Can I have more than one card?
I finally got my new card and was very excited to use it today. However, my payment kept declining. What is happening?
Can this app take my salary?
what cards and currencies are accepted?
How do I get my card active?
I've been waiting for 3 days, why is my withdrawal still pending?
Why was I charged an extra fee when using the card?
I topped up but the app did not accept it.
What steps do I need to take to exchange currencies?
Where can I find the source of my available money?
Why hasn't my money transfer showed up yet?
I need to cancel a transaction.
I added money but my top-up wasn't processed by the app.
Please tell my why I was charged a fee for using my card?
It looks like my top-up was cancelled
What if I don't verify my identity?
Where is a Mastercard ATM?
The top-up has a definite problem! I regularly use your service and haven't had a problem before, but now the top-up just shows pending. Please tell my why it continues to show pending.
My card got blocked, how do I reset?
Please help! I was looking at my account and saw a transaction with a seller I don't remember. Is it possible for you to track the sale, because I really don't think I made a payment to them.
If my salary is in GBP, do I need to do something?
Can I have my card activated?
I don't know the code for the app.
Is it possible to give a second card for this account to my daughter?
Why did my exchange rate change?
I wasn't able to do a transfer to an account
At what ATM can I change my PIN?
I dont have identification
There should be a cash withdrawal that I haven't seen yet.
How many digits identify the top-up verification code?
I want to use auto top-up. Is there a limit?
How do I open an account for my children?
I cannot get my google pay to work.
I can't find the top-up card verification code.
Is there a reason why my transaction is taking so long?
I took out some cash from the ATM but it is still showing the transaction is pending.
I deposited cash this morning, but it's not showing up in my account. Can you tell me where's my money?
I removed cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received the cash?
Still waiting on my refund...
How long is the delivery to the US?
Hi, My card is getting declined during top-up. As it urgent, could you please resolve this issue, or guide me with other alternatives if any.
How do I link one of your card that I already have?
Can you explain to me why a cash withdrawal shows up as pending?
There's a card payment I didn't make
I think the atm ate my card.
Will I be charged for receiving money?
What is the $1 transaction on my account?
I went to the store and tried to make a purchase.  The first time, it was declined, but the second one went through.  But my App shows me that I've already been charged once and the second charge is still pending.  Can you make sure that I'm not charged twice?
When can I expect money to be transferred to my account?
I've made a transfer from France two days ago but I was wondering if international transfers take longer to arrive because it hasn't made it yet.
A withdrawal is showing that I don't recognize
How old do you have to be?
I want to cancel a purchase
What do I do if my payment was reverted?
I just got this card & I don't know how to activate it.
Where can virtual cards be ordered?
I am suppose to be getting a refund from something I purchased but it hasn't showed up in my account.
I want a Mastercard, instead.
I made a purchase with my card and I was charged a fee for using it
How do you come up with your exchange rate
There is a pending 1£ charge on my statement.  I haven't purchased anything for 1£.  Why is it on my statement?
still waiting on that card
What happens if my card expires?
Is there a way you can have money from a purchase I made refunded to my account.
What cards to do you support to top up.
where is card accepted
How can I trade currencies with this app?
Hello. I checked my transactions and saw I was double charged on my card for a restaurant visit. I would like to get my money back.
Please help me as my online payment is getting declined since yesterday while i am trying to purchase something online.
Why is my money gone right when I attempted to top up
How long does it take transfers from Europe to complete?
I can't find the top-up verification code.
Hello, I have a pending transaction in my account due to an ATM machine that wasn't working. In any case if the transaction goes through, after how long can I get my money back?
How long before a bank transfer shows up in the account?
Your exchange rate was off.  I was charged extra on my payment that I made last Saturday.
What do I do if I notice a strange withdrawl in my statement?
So, my transfer is showing as pending, when will it actually go through?
Someone else used my card!
Why is there more then one charge on my card I only paid for one not twice how can I fix this?
what are the exchange rates for foreign currency ATMs
Tell me how to top up my account using bank transfer.
Will I be charged for adding money using an international card?
I haven't received my card yet, how long does it normally take?
How do I change the PIN?
My salary is received in the form of GBP. Is it necessary to configure this? If so, where is this done?
I was at the store earlier and my virtual card didn't work. What's the solution for this problem?
How do I switch to a different currency?
I've been trying to transfer funds to top-up my card, but the transaction is not going through.  Is there something I'm doing wrong?
i asked for 100 only got 80
Why is there a direct debit payment on my app that is not from me?
Can you look into why my most recent top-up is showing as pending? I thought it was supposed to be instantaneous.
I noticed an extra fee when I paid with my card.
How do I exchange currencies using the app?
I enetered the wrong information, I need my account unblocked How do I do that?
The day before yesterday I transferred funds to another account within the country.  The funds have not yet arrived.  I double and triple checked the account number and it was correct.  Why hasn't the transfer been completed yet?
My cash withdrawal was declined.  Why?
Where is my new card if I haven't received it yet?
What is the limit to top-up?
Tell me why my topup wouldn't go through?
How can I edit my personal details in the app?
Can I use google play as my primary app to Top up?
My app says I made a withdrawal, but I didn't.
Where is the money that I asked for? I asked for more than I got!
About this card PIN?
There is a mysterious debit transaction on my statement
Do you have any options to top up with a cheque on my account?
Hi I'm waiting for a refund for an item I bought. I have contacted the merchant directly but had nothing back. Can you tell me whether or not you are able to refund me for the item?
What documents are required for proof of identity?
Why is my 'top up' not showing up in my wallet?
Can I use my account now, even though my identity verification has not gone through yet?
Why wouldn't the ATM give me cash?
Since my card is about to expire, I need a new one.
Will there be any fees for top ups?
how to delete account, not happy
how come when i got cash the exchange rate was different than it should be
What is the significance of verifying the top-up?
Please put a freeze on my card,  I am worried there has been some payments on it and I don't know what for.
You will hear back from us about your verification results in 10 minutes to a one hour timeframe.  If these verification results do fail, please double-check to make sure your images are clear and have no glare or blur; your photos need to be fully readable.  You need to be 18 years of age or older and a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to create an account.
What would make a decline message show up during a transfer?
I don't recognise a Direct Debit payment
How much is it to send out additional cards?
I want to give a second card for this account to my daughter, would this be possible?
Where can I update my pin number?
How can I get funds into my account from my American Express?
What cards and currencies can I use?
I had a cheque deposited, but I don't see my money yet?
How long is the wait for a money transfer to post?
For some reason, the virtual card won't work for me.
I tryed to make a top-up with cryptocurrency but the payment was referted.
How do I link a new card in the app?
I have not received my card and it's been a week, what do I do?
Why is the cash withdraw I made shown as pending?
If I live outside of the UK am I still eligible for a card?
My transfer failed.  Help!
The atm didn'y give me all the cash
Why did I receive an error message saying that my transfer was not possible?
What source do my fund come from?
How long do i have to wait for a transfer to reach my account?
Can you show me where to link the new card?
When will my new card be delivered?
What places accept my card?
I punched in the wrong pin too many times and I'm locked out.
I have received my statement but I do not see my refund, why is that?
Will you please help me get my card back?
I can't find my code
why did my payment revert
I need money put into this account from another one.
I just got my new card, how do I activate it?
Where did my money go? I'm not able to withdraw it from my ATM.
I bought an item that I was charged a different exchange rate for.
How many countries do you support?
My salary is in GBP, is this something I need to configure?
I need my card right away.
There seems to be an additional charge of £1 on my statement, what is the reason for this?
I tried to withdraw $100, all it gave me was $20.
Where do I go to get my new card linked?
Why won't cash come out of the ATM?
Someone stole my card!
Why do I have a strange payment on my statement?
It's been two weeks and I haven't gotten my card, what do I do?
When did you start charging to make a withdrawal? How much is it now? I always thought it was free.
How much does it cost in fees to use your card?
My transfer to an account failed.
My card is broken
There are a few transaction that I don't recognize, I think someone managed to get my card details and use it.
Why did the funds for one of my purchase come back to my account?
I did a transaction to a wrong account!
How do I get a card in the EU?
There's been a transaction to the wrong account.
Why hasn't my top-up been completed?
Can I choose what card I can use
I attempted to top up my account but it's been frozen in a pending state for well over an hour now! Is this normal? I'm a new customer and this is my first time doing this. I assumed it would be done quicker than this.
I tried to pay with my card and it didn't work
Why do I need to verify the top-up?
Hi. Please can you help me fix a double charge on my card? I'm looking at my transactions and this restaurant I went to earlier in the week has charged me twice! Please remove the additional charge for me.
I have a duplicate payment showing up on the app. How do I stop myself being charged for the thing twice?
The ATM did not give me my card back?
While transferring money, its getting error out as my transfer is not possible. Please help me in this as earlier i was able to do it successfully.
Please, activate my card
I made a transaction this morning but I need to revert it now.
I did not ask for the amount of cash that I received.
Are you Visa or Mastercard?
Can I activate a card in the app?
I need to cancel a transfer I made.
Please explain why my card was declined?
Please tell me how to verify my top up card.
what is the exchange rate?
The refund has not appeared in my account
Can I use this app to change money?
I don't like your company. Delete my account.
Can I choose between Visa or MasterCard?
I'd like to use cash to top up. How do I find that option?
Please cancel the transfer I just made.  I put in the wrong account number and can't seem to stop it on the app.
can I have a non virtual card?
I got my new card but I am not sure if it need s activated and how?
I sent payment with EU transfer and they still haven't received it. How long does it take?
I tried to deposit a cheque into my account and it is not letting me.
What is the cost for an exchange fee?
Is there a limit on top-ups?
How can I change my name in my profile?
Is American Express accepted?
Help! I forgot my PIN and have been locked out of using my card.
I have an emergency and lost my phone.  I need help accessing my account.
What is the fee on my card payment?
Is it possible to track the card you sent me?
What number of transactions can i do with one disposable card?
Why is my card payment still listed as pending?
How do I edit the personal details on my account?
can you tell me where to find the top-up verification code?
Where's the verification code for the top-up card?
Why do I have to give you all of my identification details?
Where is the top-up card verification code?
How long will this card payment stay pending?
The ATM didnt return my card!
Why is it saying I have a pending payment?
Does it cost extra to exchange currencies?
I did a cash deposit to my account but it doesn't show up
The rate of exchange isn't right for my cash withdrawal.
Have have a small charge on my account from someone I purchased with but I'm not sure what it relates to.
Please tell me about SWIFT transfers at this bank.
Are there any top-up limits involved?
My transfer was rejected
I need to make a purchase online, where is my virtual card?
How might  I change my PIN?
how do i add money with my apple watch
When will my transfer from the US get here?
How does a disposable virtual card work?
I need the source of my funds verified. How do I do this?
Why do I see extra charges for withdrawing my money?
When will my transfer move from pending to confirmed?
I cant get money out of the ATM with my card.  I just put my card in the ATM but it will not allow me to take any money out.  What do I need to do to fix this?
The app doesn't believe that I am me
Why hasn't my balance been updated from the check deposit I made?
What would be the reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
It won't let me verify my identity.
What do I need to do in order to use my card I just got?
How can I edit my personal details?
I paid with card and I think there was a fee applied.
Which merchants accept this card?
A withdraw I tried to make at the ATM was declined I don't know why.
I made a transaction and it is taking a very long time to go through.
Hi, would you please activate my card?
My card expires very soon.  What is the cost and delivery time to get a new one?
Are there ways for other people to send me money?
What do I do after the ATM takes my card.
My cash withdrawal isnt showing on my account
Why can't I see my top up?
The cash I got at the ATM is still in my account.
There is a top up that has been pending for an hour and I don't know why.  I was expecting it immediately and need it now!
Can you tell me about these disposable virtual cards?
My card payment has been cancelled
Do you accept cheques for top ups?
What are the steps for  making a transfer for topping up?
why is a transfer to beneficiary not possible?
What is the base of the exchange rates?
Can I get a second card for free?
The NFC payment wouldn't work on the bus today. Help?
how do I top up my money automatically
I don't know my PIN, how can I find that out?
Would I need to pay extra for currency exchanges?
My card payment was not successful.
How do I top up my account with a bank transfer?
What is the tracking number for my card that was mailed?
I can't activate my card?
How do I change my last name?
I don't see the verification code for my card transfer.
My top up says it is still pending
I got an cancellation error when I was topping up.
Does the exchange rate change?
How can I change my Rowlock ?
I can not find my card pin.
I may need to exchange my USD for GBP, can your app do that?
Can I make online purchases with my card?
Is a new debit card free?
How does the exchange rate work?
What do I need for the identity check?
I seem to have been charged to much for my holiday purchases, the exchange rate is wrong.
Are there any fees for adding money with an international card?
where can I find the auto-top up option?
Can you tell me what the problem with my card is? It was declined at a restaurant today.
I want to know why my top-up was reverted
If I found an error in my account for a transaction I didn't make, how long to I have to dispute it?
Anytime I've made an ATM withdrawal before it has always been free. I now say that I have been charged for my most recent ATM withdrawal. What's going on here?
I have a payment that I didn't make.
My ATM transaction was unsuccessful.
How do I go about verifying my identity?
What proof do you need for my identification?
My card has not arrived yet.
Could you help me reactivate my card? It was previously lost, but I found it this morning in my jacket.
Why were there additional charges when transferring?
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one day while they are processed by one of our payment processors. Then, they will depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please also double-check that you have entered the correct account details. SEPA transfers can take up to two business days, and SWIFT transfers can take up to five business days.
How long will my ATM withdrawal be pending?
Can you do exchanges of EUR?
Why haven't I received a refund yet?
Can you assist on apple watch top ups?
How much more do I have to pay to exchange currencies?
Are PIN separately?
Can i make several disposable cardsper day?
Visa and Mastercard can both be received from you?
What is the auto top-up limit?
I was charged for the same thing twice
How long do card transactions take to clear?
I had trouble with an incorrect rate being applied when using the ATM with foreign currency.
I tried to withdraw 50 pounds but it only gave me 30. Where is the rest of my money?
What is the maximum for auto top-up?
I will not be able to verify my identity.
I transferred money but the recipient says it has not arrived. Why would this be?
Is the 1 pound charge I can see an error or an incorrect entry?
I want to delete my account. How do I do this?
Why can't my beneficiary access my account?
How long does it take for a purchase to go from pending to authorised?
I am worried that too much time has gone by for a transfer to be completed.
How do I add the card to my account?
Could I get a mastercard if that's reasonable?
Can I get a card that works in other countries like Africa and Indonesia?
I just received my card and I'd like to activate it.
The date my card expires is coming up
How does a bank transfer for topping my account work?
A wrong amount of cash we sent to me.
I would rather the Mastercard.
Why was I charged a fee for using my card
My top-up appears to be pending.
Why am I not able to get cash from the ATM?
Please help me.  I don't know my code to get into the app.
Which cash machines will allow me to change my PIN?
Do you know if I can use this for my salary?
I can't find my card, it is lost.
What kind of cards an currency do you support?
What is the max amount of disposable cards I'm allowed.
I was charged extra. Was the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday wrong?
I'm wanting to get a Visa card today.
need to know if there is a maximum i can top up
I believe you charged me too much to exchange my money
Will you charge me more if I top up with an international card?
How do I get the passcode reset?
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up! I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
I am missing a refund.
I tried to take out cash but the amount isn't right, so what do I do?
Why did I need to verfiy my identity?
my phone is gone
Are new cards available from China?
How long will it take to receive a virtual card?
The transfer I just made needs to be cancelled right now. It was my mistake. Please help me cancel it before it goes through!
Someone might be using my card.  What should I do?
Why haven't I gotten my payment yet?
My card is stuck in an ATM machine, how do I get it back quickly?
How can I transfer money to a beneficiary?
I cannot use my disposable virtual card.
I have been doing some online shopping, but when checking out, it keeps getting declined. I tried a few times and it wouldn't work. What could be wrong?
What are the time frames for the money to be available in my account?
I just got $20 when I tried to get $100
How do I add the card I just received to show up in the app?
Do you accept Visa or Mastercard?
What is the fee on my statement for?
Hi,  Is there any problem with app? As i am facing some issues with the exchange of crypto currency. I am extremely interested in buying.
I'm getting concerned here.  I sent a friend some money and she isn't seeing it.  What's going on?
What if there is an error on the exchange rate?
What age do I have to be?
can i get a description of how to use a disposable virtual card
Is there a way I can get my ATM card back from the machine?
may I have a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
what is the leadtime for a new card to show up in the mail?
I see a direct debit charge that I did not approve
Which ATMs take the card?
Do I need to go to an office to change my pin?
Does it matter if I use Visa or Mastercard?
The ATM did not give me as much cash as I requested.
May I change my PIN?
Is there a problem with receiving my salary in GBP?
How much money can I withdraw before fees? I noticed a fee on my card but I didn't think I had hit the limit of how much I could withdraw in a month.
How can I change my Tholepin ?
I'm not seeing my cash deposit showing up in my account.
Can I also transfer with SWIFT?
How do I replace my card?
I have a transfer that is still pending.
what do i need to have with me to activate card
I see cash in my app but I did not get it.
Can top ups be done from an apple watch.
Can I get money out of any machine?
You keep declining my transfers? It's always been working really well so far, but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined. I tried couple times already but same thing.
Why am I charged to get money from the ATM?
What is the best way to exchange currency?
A transaction shows duplicate times.
I don't understand why I'm being charged for using my card.
How long does it take for transfers to process?  I sent funds to a friend, and she says that she has not yet received anything.
Something is wrong with my top up and I can't see it. How do I find it?
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, turns out the payment kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
Can I auto top up multiple times?
I am seeing in the App a diret debit that its not mine
How do i receive a physical card?
How can I transfer money into my account?
I think I lost my phone.  Is there a way to prevent anyone from getting into my account on it?
I have a direct debit transaction I have not set up, but would like to .
I did transfer, why is it pending
When I was in a restaurant today my card was declined and payment wouldn't go through and I need help. Can you fix this?
What is the price for a physical card?
I think my top up did not work
I think my card has been used by somebody else since I was never in the little town where some transactions on this bill have come from. Please stop this right away.
can I use my card before identity verification?
I need my card delivered as soon as possible.
How long will a transfer from China take? I need to transfer something from there.
After I deposited my cash, I still don't see it in my account.
Tell me why my transfer failed!
Why was I charged a fee on a cash withdrawal?
My card needs to be activated.
I didn't get the correct amount of money from the ATM machine
Why was I charged this extra fee while doing a transfer?
I would like to receive a refund for something I bought.
Since when were there charges for taking out cash from my account? It's always been free for me to do this before.  How much are the charges going to be?
Do you have an auto top-up option?
I can't seem to make a standard bank transfer. I have tried at least five times already but none of them are going through. Please tell me what is wrong?
Is there a fee for sending additional cards?
Next month my card will expire, do I need to order a new one?
There is an unexplained $1 charge on my statement, can you please explain this to me?
What do I do if the ATM didn't give me the correct amount I withdrew? I pulled out 30 pounds and the ATM gave me 10 pounds.
I got some cash in the ATM but its still pending
What currencies or cards do you support for topping up?
I need to cancel a transfer
How long do transfer pend for?
I was charged twice for a few things this week when I only bought one. What do I do?
I tried to top up but the app rejected it.
What countries can I use the card in?
Please stop my purchase.
I have been overcharged. I just changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it was too much. It seems something was wrong with my exchange.
What could the reason be that my payment card was declined?
There is a payment that is not mine.
Why can't I use my card?
How do I close my account, since I'm dissatisfied?
I want a refund on this.
Where are the cards delivered to
My card was rejected at the store for some reason, can you look into this for me?
I see an unfamiliar Direct Debit payment.
What ATMs can I use this card at?
My app says that I received cash from an ATM and I didn't.
How can I look at where my available cash is coming from?
What do I need to do to transfer my paycheck to my account?
What are the ATMs that will accept this card?
How do i transfer something faster than normal?
What stores can I sue my card?
I need assistance activating my card?
I think something may have happened that caused a charge to show up twice.
Why is it important to verify my identity?
I didn't withdraw the amount of cash that is showing up in the app.
Why did my top up get reverted?
When do I set up my card PIN?
Can you tell me if I can track the card you sent me?
I saw there is a cash withdrawal from my account via the app which I did not complete.
Are there any hidden extra fees for currency exchanges?
I should not have been charged a fee for cash withdrawal.
I deposited a check yesterday and Im not seeing it in my account. i need the money, is there something wrong with my account? check it out please
I made a mistake and did a transaction to a wrong account, can I cancel?
My refund has not yet been credited on my statement
Did a WD earlier at an ATM.  The amount showing in the App is more than I got though.
Can I exchange between GBP and USD on the app?
Why is the transfer still pending?  Can I do something?
I did not receive the correct amount of cash.
My virtual card isn't working. What do I do?
I put cash in my account, but I don't see it.
Why has my top-up been returned to my account?
Why didn't the money I transferred into my account get added to my balance?
How do I make my transfer go through
If I was travelling abroad, would I be able to hold currencies in euros?
Is payment required to get a card of my own?
I received my Virtual card information, but was unable to use it to make a purchase. Why did this happen and what can I do?
Why hasn't my card been delivered?
What do I do?  My card is broken.
When will my pending payment finish?
What is the handling fee for transfer?
How do I stop fraud to my account?
The ATM didn't give me the amount I asked for
I did not receive the right amount of cash I requested
I must make a transfer from China and it is urgent. How long before the transfer is complete?
What locations can a card be delivered to?
Can I use a bank transfer to refill my account?
What can I do to track the card you sent me?
I tried using my ATM card at your Notting Hill location today.  It did not work.  Am I doing something wrong?
Would I be charged for exchanging currencies?
Can I get another card?
Please give me both a visa and a mastercard.
Where is the tracking number for the card?
I bought a product a week ago, but may need to return it.
What is stopping my money from transferring?
Has the check I deposited cleared to I can get the cash?
Are the top-ups limited?
How can my new card be renewed?
I have been charged an extra pound!
What do I do if I've been charged twice for the same transaction?
I tried to add a topup to my account but the money isn't there, anymore. Did I do something wrong?
My statement shows an extra fee - what is it?
Can i get money in my home currency at my ATM ?I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me .Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
Why is your exchange rate different on different days?
Please delete my account. I am not happy with the service from your company.
How long does it take for a cheque to post to your account?
Which foreign currencies can I get transferred into my account?
I need a Visa card
Why would my payment still show as pending?
Can I get a Visa from you?
Why isn't top-up working? My top-up money disappeared after I saw that it was successfully transferred. Is it gone? Where did it go?
How do I know which countries you provide service in?
Help! I think someone has made a cash withdrawal with my card!
I took out money, and didn't get all of it.
Why have I not received a virtual card yet?
When will I see my new balance after making my bank transfer?
Which cards do you support for top up?
I contacted the seller for a direct refund last week but he still hasn't give me my money. What should I do?
Why can't I see a recent refund in my statement?
I  do not see a top-up processed.
What limits are there on the virtual cards?
how soon will I see the transfer in my account?
So what about the card PIN?
Is there places where I can't withdraw money?
Can you tell me the foreign exchange rate?
i need to know about exchange rates
Help me cancel a transfer.
Why isn't my top up showing?  Was the money reversed?
i tried to withdraw money from an atm and i was declined on front of my friends. Why did this happen?
I attempted to get money using a foreign currency at an ATM but the rate was highly inaccurate!
A payment in my account was made by someone I don't know
I have a pending transfer
When will a refund post to my account?
When do you charge fees on accounts? I just saw a charge on my statement.
Why was my new card declined?
There are two of the same charges on my account.
How long would does it take for a seller to receive an EU transfer if I bought something from them and sent them the money immediately?
I put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help me unblock it?
What is the estimated wait time for transfers from the US?
I don't recognise a cash withdrawal
My card was lost on vacation, I don't know where it is. Can you help me take care of this immediately?
Can I hold more than one currency?
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that I really didn't make myself. What's going on with this?
Why hasn't my recipient received their money?
I need to know the if there is a limit on the amount for auto top-up.
Is there any age limit?
My son has just turned 13, is he old enough for an account?
Why am I unable to withdraw my money through this card?
I was charged an additional amount of money for making a purchase with my card
I believe a wrong exchange rate was applied towards a cash transaction I made abroad.
What is the most that I can top-up to a card?
Visa or Mastercard?
I would like to know what your exchange rates are.
Which type of card will I receive?
After inputting the wrong pin too many times, can you now help me unblock my pin?
What time will a transfer from the US take?
Why won't my virtual card work?
Are both Visa and Mastercard accepted?
I made a cash deposit a few days ago and it's still not reflected in my account. Do you know what might have happened?
What is the time frame that it usually takes for a transfer to come through? I have a friend needing it immediately but it has yet to come through.
Is it possible to get a Visa and Mastercard from you?
how to get card pin?
I sent a payment, but the person I sent it to says they don't have it
Is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived yet?
I'm getting an error when trying to make a payment. I want to purchase a flat but my mortgage payment needs to go through. Can you help me?
My card is stolen.  Help!
Can I use my account before my Identity verification has passed?
I tried to use my card to withdrawal money from the ATM in Notting Hill but it didn't work. This is the first time I've tried using it. Is my card working?
I deposited a cheque but the cash hasn't arrived yet
What different ways are there for someone to send me money?
So, I see a strange fee that I've never seen before after making an online purchase from abroad. I was under the impression transfers could be made for free. I don't think this seems fair.
Why was the exchange rate so wrong when I bought something!
please help my transfer go through
When will my top up process?
How long does it take for my top up to clear?
Do any of your machines provide cash from my home country? I don't have any money on me and I'm on holiday so I'm concerned. Also, will I be charged anything to do this?
I had to pay in order to do a transfer
My card payment is still on hold, why is it so?
Which ATM's accept my card?
Is there a way for me to check my balance?
How do I change the details in my account?
Why hasn't my transaction been completed?
What is this fee for card payment?
It appears my top-up has not gone through.
My statement has a payment that I do not recall making
Please tell me why I was charged additionally when I used the card.
I won't verify my identity.
what is the disposable cards limit?
Can you explain why there is a payment showing twice?
I did a transfer and I was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
My card was denied at an ATM earlier today but the transaction is pending. Please cancel it as I did not receive my money.
I believe my top up did not work.
I want to exchange USD and GBP with the app
Where can I find the auto-top up feature?
How long does a card delivery take?
How do I go about changing my address?
How many disposable cards can I make in a day?
How long before a check I send clears?
My payment has not been accepted.
I didn't receive the right amount of cash back
Can I get my salary through this?
Where is my cash deposit?
When I'm traveling is it possible to add money automatically at certain time points?
how do you get exchange rates
Tell me how to delete my account.
I tried to take money from my card, but it didn't work. Later I saw that the transaction is still in progress. What's goign on?
If I want a physical card, do I have to pay anything?
Why has my top-up been denied?
What are the fees of using an international card to add money?
My purchase used the wrong exchange rate
I topped up my account but the app failed to process it.
Now that I have my card, how do I connect it to the app?
I would like to not have to do the identity verification.
Are there any restrictions on the disposable cards?
Could you explain why my card payment did not work?
I transferred some money to my mom 2 days ago and she has not received it. I double checked the information and it looks right. Can you help me?
Where is my card accepted?
What would the price be for an expired card replacement and how long will it take me to get it?
My wallet was just stolen and I see my account already has a withdrawal. Can you please help me.
How come my disposable virtual card used to pay for a gym subscription got rejected?
Why did I not get all the cash I asked for?
Where in the app do I go to make my new card show up?
My app is displaying a payment I didn't make
Why was the exchange rate incorrect for an item I recently bought?
My plans may change so I may need to change from GBP to AUD.
How can I find out why my transfer didn't go through?
Please tell me why I would have to pay a fee for a recent payment. Thanks.
I am worried about fees for top up cards?
Can I get information on topping up?
Why have I been charged a fee for card payment?
How do I find the top-up verification code?
Can I verify my identity online?
I want a refund for my item
How can I get a refund for a purchase?
Where do I pay with my card?
Do I need a disposable card?
Is there a way to reset the passcode?
How do I get my card back after the ATM swallowed it.
Why isn't my Google Pay top up working for me? Did I do something wrong?
The ATM wouldn't let me have my money.
Would I be charged any fees if I added money to my account using an international card?
Who do I call to cancel a transfer?
I need a quick transfer from China.  How long would that take?
A mortgage payment I'm making is giving me an error message.  This is the first time I'm making this payment and want to know what's wrong.
How can I dispute a direct debit charge on my account?
Does the card you sent have a tracking number?
Where is my refund? it appears to be missing.
Hello I made a bank account transfer from the UK. The transfer was a couple hours ago, nothing has shown up yet.  Can you check to see if everything okay. Please.
My latest payment was declined, I was told everything was back to working order. What happened?
I'm looking at my statement, and my refund is not on there.
I am getting an error stating my transfer is not possible while transferring money. Let me know the issue as its the first time i am getting error, earlier it used to work.
Looks like my card payment was duplicated. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
There is a strange charge on my debit statement
Why was my transaction charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
My topup got reverted. Please let me know if there is any issue in system.
I think I am a victim of fraud.  I noticed there was a charge on my account that I didn't do because I haven't touched my card today.  Can you please reverse the charge and refund my money?
This is URGENT, I typed the wrong payment information for a payment I needed to make and have clicked send, I need to reverse the transaction immediately.
Someone might be using my card that is not me.
I need to change my contact information.
Can you track my card for me?
It seems like my card payment didn't work.
My credit card was declined for top-up. Can you see if there is enough funds in my account?
I seem to be having trouble with my Google Pay Top. Can you please help?
How do I order a new card if my current one is about to expire?
Can you please explain why the exchange rate for the item I bought is wrong?
Is there a reason a payment is showing complete on my side but the person who is receiving it has not gotten it?
I need an ATM right now!
Hi. A couple hours ago I make a transfer from my UK bank account, but it hasn't shown up. Please, would you see what the delay is?
The correct amount of cash was not received.
What type of card can I use to top up?
How would I top up with a cheque?
The transfer keeps rejected, I tried to transfer some money to friends but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, Would you please check the issue?
So my top-up failed, could you tell me why?
Can I use a transfer to receive my transfer?
Is there something wrong with my card payment? It's been pending a really, really long time.
How much is the charge for a foreign currency exchange?
I went tot the ATM earlier today and didn't realize this till now but I did not get all the money I requested.  I believe my account was charged for 100 but I only got 80.  Is there any way we can solve this problem?
I cannot seem to find my PIN. Where is it?
Why was I charged extra on my last UK pound to Russian ruble exchange?
What steps must I follow to get a Visa credit card?
Tell me which cards and what currency is supported.
Why was I denied the option to transfer money to a selected beneficiary?
In what way can I change my PIN and where do I need to be?
I tried transferring money to a beneficiary, however, I was unsuccessful.
I don't think I made this payment that is showing up
Cannot access my top up.
Where can I see where funds came from?
Are you ripping people off with the exchange rate?  It can't be that atrocious between banks.
Hi! A seller that I requested a refund from a long time ago has yet to send the money into my account, even though I keep checking it. Can the seller be contacted by you guys to see what's going on?
I would like to exchange some currency.
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know why
How much more do you charge for currency exchange?
How many disposable cards am I allowed to have?
Can I have my account add money automatically in certain intervals?
What are the top up fees for using an European bank card?
Tell me where I can find the auto top up feature and a little bit about it please.
Please help me!  A payment I made had an error on the account number and I can't cancel on my side.  Can you cancel it?
There is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's the cause for that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound.
How long do transfers to international banks take? I made one to france a couple of days ago, but it's still not there.
How does my top-up got cancelled?
Why would a transfer to a beneficiary not go through?
Is there a Mastercard ATM nearby?
How do I order a card?
The exchange rate you're using is terrible - this can't be the official interbank exchange rate, can it?
Are there any limits if I use these virtual cards?
I just deposited cash to my account and can't find it!
Can I convert currency with the app?
I placed my order a week ago. Is it ok that my card isn't here yet?
I tried activating my card and it didn't work
I only got some of the cash I requested from the ATM
What are the reasons a beneficiary would be denied?
I requested a refund from a merchant but don't see the money in my account.  Are you able to check with the merchant or process the refund manually?
I forgot the passcode on my app.
What does it mean if my payment has been reverted?
I would like to change the the PIN on my card.
My transfer failed to a beneficiary
Can you send me the actual card?
Hello, I was contacted by a seller who let me know my money didn't come through on their side. It most certainly came out of my account so I need this looked at immediately because now it has been returned to me!
Where is my money? I transfered it and it isn't in my account.
|I moved out of my old house two weeks ago and cancelled my direct debit to my old landlord, this direct debit was working fine.  Now I've moved in to a new place and set up a transfer to a new landlord but it's not reached her yet, can you check it please?
I used an ATM and there was an extra charge.
Should my top up still be pending?
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up. I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Would you please help me get the money back from the seller.
I forgot my PIN and now it is blocked.
When will I be able to see my refund?
Why have I been charged a fee for transferring money?
I want to top up by transfering accounts, What do I do?
What does pending mean on a cash withdrawal?
I am having issues using contactless payments, could my card be damaged?
I recently purchased something and the seller says my money has not arrived yet. It was in EU's. How long does this take?
I made a bank transfer but it doesn't seem to have gone through?
I need a new card to replace an expired one. Will it cost anything, and how soon?
My card no longer works.
I attempted to enter my pin to many times.
I'm confused. My contactless is suddenly not working anywhere that I try to use it. How do I fix it?
Help!  My wallet was stolen and someone is taking money out.  I need this money!  What can I do?
How do I get my refund back?
What kind of ATMs would this card be accepted at?
Will topping up by transfer lead to a charge on my account?
Can I top up using cash?
I made a bank transfer and the balance hasn't updated yet.
Where can I order a card?
I purchased some makeup through a site in China, and I was under the impression that when I make transfers there is no fee.  Why am I seeing this fee now?  I am not happy about this at all.
I am having trouble proving my identity.
I transferred money from the US, How long does it take?
I lost my phone and would like to freeze my accounts.
Do you support changing the currency I use?
I'm really stuck. I don't know why but my card payment has not gone through.
How can I find the nearest ATM?
I have friends that would like to top-up my account is that possible?
What factors determine your exchange rate?
If I were to do a transfer, what is the rate for that?
I have my card here with me and someone has just made a withdrawal for 500. Please help!
Are currency exchanges free?
How do you get a virtual card?
I am having trouble to verify my identity
I signed up, but don't have a PIN. Where can I find it?
What forms of payment do you accept?
With this app, will I be able to exchange currency?
My top-up never worked
Is there a way to reset my PIN?
Why has my card payment not yet been applied to my account?
My card appears to have never arrived?
How do I make my card appear on the app?
help, lost my card
My phone was taken yesterday, is there something that I need to do?
My money disappeared! Please help??
Can third party fees affect a transfer?
Explain why my top up would be reverted.
Someone stole my phone yesterday :( is there anything I need to do?
I didn't get as much cash as I asked for from the ATM, why?
When I travel, can it automatically add money in certain intervals?
I need some spare physical cards.
I am overseas in China, can I get a replacement card?
is it possible to top-up with google pay.
Can you tell me exactly what fees I will expect to see in regards to your cards?
How can I top-up my card?
What is your exchange rate between UK pounds and Russian rubles for my last transaction
Can I pay online with my card?
There is a transfer not showing on my account.
My refund isn't showing up
I already got my item but just got my money back
Do all ATMs accept this card?
When I deposit cheques and cash, my balance does not update.
Someone has copied my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Please help now.
What do I do if the ATM ate my card?
Do I have an option between Visa and MasterCard?
Is there a strict timeline regarding disputing transactions made on my account? I just noticed a fraudulent charge on a statement from a couple months ago.
Help, my phone was stolen, please advise!
In which countries can I get a card?
Are your cards available in the EU?
I already have a card and want to link it
Visa and MasterCard, can I get them both?
The activation process did not work, please help?
Am I able to use my American Express to add money to my account balance?
I want a card, but I'm not in the UK- can I get one still?
When I got cash, my exchange rate was off.
Why was one of my transfers declined?
I submitted my transfer but it has been pending for quite a while and I was wondering what takes so long? why hasn't it completed
how do i get the card linked
Where can I obtain my virtual card?
What can I use my card to pay for?
The top-up card is verified how?
do the details of my profile have to match my documents
Why did I only get $20 when I asked for $100?
The app won't identify me.
How do I change my account details?
My new pin needs to be set.
How do I use disposable cards?
Why was my cash withdrawal declined?
how do you determine your exchange rates because one of yours was off when i got cash
Where is the closest ATM to me?
If my phone was stolen, do I need to do anything?
What other methods are there to verify my identity?
I received a transfer in GBP how do I change it to a different currency?
I asked for a certain amount of money from the ATM, but it gave me a different amount. Less than what I asked for.
How do I start auto top up?
How do I get another card
I did a top-up, but I'm not seeing it in my wallet yet.
When will my card payment be done pending?
How can I use American Express to add money to my account?
Is there a verification code for the top-up card?
What exchange rate will I receive?
I'm not familiar with a card payment.
My card is missing.  Please help.
Why is there a cash withdrawal I didn't make?
which identity details are required
I would like to cancel a transfer...is this possible?
Why am I charged a fee for getting cash?
What are Interbanks current exchange rates?
My cash withdrawal is still showing as pending.
How long will my payment be pending?
I can't be sure, but I think that someone may be using my card.
What does it mean when a payment is pending?
I didn't cancel my top-up.
what are the steps to activate my card?
Is there a fee associated with using foreign exchange ATMs?
I just transferred my friend money, but she hasn't received it yet, and it's been a few hours. Can you tell me when to expect it to go through?
how many virtual cards can i have, i want 8
There was an extra charge when I used my card
Why did using an ATM cause me to be charged an additional fee?
did not receive correct cash upon withdrawal
Why wasn't my top-up accepted and where did that money go? At first it said it was confirmed but now I can't find it.
I sent money for my rent to my landlord but she is claiming it hasn't arrived in her account  Can you trace the transfer I made to make sure it arrived so I can provide proof I sent it and that it has been deposited?
How long does it take for transfers to finish?  I sent funds to my pal, and she says that she has not gotten anything.
Can I reset my PIN if it is blocked?
Where in the app do I link a new card?
I'm trying to transfer money to another country. It's just pending and not sending. My account details are correct. Please help me.
Do you charge for transfers?
What are these disposable cards meant for?
This exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
I tried topping up for the first time today since I am a new customer. It doesn't appear that it's working. It has been pending for at least half an hour. Please take care of this.
How can I order a card?
How many times can I auto top-up?
I tried to withdraw cash and got declined, why is that?
You advertise no fee when paying with a card then my statement shows a fee.
It seems I need to get information on limits for top-ups.
I made a transfer from France two days ago now but there hasn't made it there yet. Do international transfers take longer?
Can I change my currency from USD to EUR?
I didn't make this direct debit transaction
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this,what should be done
Why isn't my contactless not working?
How do I get a real card?
My friend still hasn't gotten a transaction I made.
What can I do with a disposable virtual card?
I tried to make a payment with my card and it was declined. Why is it pending?
I bought something but now I would like a refund. How do I do that?
How do I cancel a purchase?
Where can I find how to change my name?
Someone stole my phone.
Can I get support?
Can a friend top up my account
What is a pending cash withdrawal?
There's a cash withdrawal on my account that I didn't make
Hello, I have noticed a problem on my recent withdrawal at the banks atm machine.  I made a transaction and upon receiving my funds from the machine, a fee was assessed to my withdrawal.  Are these types of transactions free of charge?
What is preventing me from adding a specific beneficiary?
my friend has not got the money I sent last week.
What does the decline message mean
Can someone explain why I'm getting a message on my screen saying my transfer isn't possible? I've done several in the past and haven't had a single problem until now. What's going on?
Can I use google pay for topping -up
I am adding money, what currencies do you accept to do this?
Why is my ATM cash withdrawal not working?
How will I receive my PIN?
I used to know my password, but not anymore.
Where can I pay with my card?
Why is my identification required?
In the exchange and holding, what fiat is allowed?
My app is showing a cash balance that I did not receive.
Do international transfers take longer?? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago but it's still not there yet...
How long will it take to get to the US?
I have withdrawn cash from ATM but i received the wrong amount. I want cash back as in app its showing actual amount which i got. Please help me in this.
Where do I go to verify my identity?
I tired to move my money, but my transfer was declined.
I'm looking in the App and can't find my PIN, where should I look?
What is the fee for accepting money from a foreign country?
I got a new card, how do I link it?
Why hasn't my withdrawal shown on my statement?
Verifying top-up cards necessary?
How do I get my card into the app?
My card's frozen, what can I do?
I don't remember my login code
I would like to change to a different currency.
Are there any specific cash machines that I have to go to in order to change my PIN?
How can the recipient see my money transaction?
I do not understand why my pass-code is not working.
I have obtained the salary in GBP, will it need to be configured?
Where do my funds come from?
can you assist me with the auto top up ?
Is there a charge for getting cash?
How much will it be in order to pay with a bank transfer using SEPA?
Was I charged extra for using my card?
Help me order my card.
What should I do if I think my card was stolen?
I would like to exchange currencies, how do I go upon it?
What happens if my card payment is cancelled?
I don't want to use this method to identify myself.
A payment I made is for a wrong amount can you help me correct the mistake.
Can I used my card even if my phone has been stolen?
The machine only paid me a hundred when I wanted 20
Is there a reason why there is an extra £1 charge on my account?
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card. What should I do now that the bank is closed?
Why was I charged twice for the same transaction?
I thought transfers were free. Why was I charged to transfer?
do i need to add money before i order a card
What fiat currencies are used for holding transactions?
My disposable virtual card isn't working.
Can I top up with cash
How do I link my card in the app.
What do I do if my PIN was blocked?
On what do you base your exchange rates?
What is the source of my funds.
Are there fees for adding money using an international card
What is the cost for currency exchanges?
Can I purchase with cash or cheque?
is there a way to do top up with cash deposit
I want to have an item refunded can I do that?
How do I cancel a transaction?
Will a beneficiary not accept a transfer?
When will I get my money? It's been too long.
I have been travelling overseas and I need to change my PIN. Can you tell me how this is done?
How long will it take for the money to reach my account?
help me obtain a virtual card
With what currencies can I add money?
My card broke.
Why does my identity need to be verified?
What method do you use for the exchange rate?
Does a US transfer take long
How can I cancel a transfer I made
My top-up isn't working.
I am trying to exchange AUD for GBP, how do I do that?
Can I top up for free using a European card?
My card has been pending for a while, what should I do?
It's been a few days since I've tried to pay a seller but the funds aren't going through. What is happening?
I am still waiting for a money transfer to show
How can I receive money?
My transfers keep on getting declined. My card was working fine up until now, however it has suddenly stopped working. Why is this?
I want my purchases cancelled.
I just had a wedding and I want to take my spouses name.
my card details could be stolen, as i didnt make these transactions
I need to know what your exchange rates are.
I thought crypto top up with something you offer. This is not working. The money has been deducted from my account. Can you find out what's going on?
My card seems to not be working at all.
I think my card payment has been stopped
What countries do your accounts support?
The activation process for my card isn't working.
Would I be able to get a second card?
Can I transfer my paycheck to the account?
I need my card activated.
Who else can top up my account
I would like open a second card for my daughter, how can you assist me?
Is there a charge for transfers?
I need to reorder my virtual card!
Can I auto top if I'm low on funds?
I need to use my disposable card multiple times a day, is there a cutoff limit?
to cash withdrawals charge me?
I did not get as much cash as I requested at the ATM.
I wish to use my American Express to put funds into my account.
What are the steps I need to do if I have a stolen card?
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.  I've never seen the name on the transaction before.
What do I need to do to get a card?
My transfer has been pending for a long time now. I already double checked my account info and it is correct. Why is it taking so long in 2018 to transfer money?
Am I able to use Apple Pay?
My friend says he hasn't received my transaction
My card isn't working at all, I need assistance. It's really frustrating.
why didnt a transfer to my account process
How do I know why my card isn't working?
The rate applied to my foreign currency at an ATM was incorrect.
Can I use my card anywhere?
why do i need to verify the top up?
How many days do I have to wait for the transfer to reach my account?
How long does it take to transfer from china? Is there a way to transfer it quickly, I need it urgently?
Hello, there seems to be a billing mistake associated with my account.  My app was charged $1 more than it should have.  Could you please explain why this may have happened?
How long does an international transfer take? I made the transfer from France 2 days ago, but it is not showing up in my bank yet.
My card payment has been declined
My money hasn't been deposited yet. When will it be?
Why was I charged more than I should have been?
Why would my payment have been returned to my account?
Why did my transfer fail?  What can I do?
I would like to receive a few more physical cards.
Hey a seller just contacted me that my money didn't come through. It was definitely deducted from my account, but now it appears it's back with me! Sort this out asap please.
What flat currencies do you use for holding and exchanges.
Is it possible to get both a Visa and a Mastercard?
How do I fix a payment that was reverted
If I lost my phone, what steps do I need to take to stop someone from using my account?
Can I setup top ups in advance?
Why doesn't my passcode work?
What should I do if my smart phone is lost or stolen?
My app shows a money withdrawal that I did not do.
What happens if a merchant doesn't accept  you payment?
I'm trying to activate the auto-top up function. Where is it?
Can i cancel a charge?
I've already sent the money out and still have not received money in my account.
Please help me.  My disposable virtual card won't work right.
Is my salary eligible for this?
I can't log into my account because I lost my password
I am perplexed. Why is it that I received an extremely wrong rate when I tried to use an ATM using a foreign currency?
I've just come back from an eating holiday in the USA and Canada and have SO many pending and duplicated transactions on my account.  I think there is something wrong, can you look in to it please?
How long will my transfer stay pending?
I have duplicated transactions on my statement
I'm not sure if my pop-up went through.
I put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help me unblock it?
my phone was taken! can you place cancel my account so no one uses it
Can it automatically top up my account?
Are money transfers free?
My funds are low, can I auto top up?
Assist me please with card activation.
I put in a payment a while ago and it has still not cleared and is showing up as "pending", how long does it take to clear?
Why is my balance the same after a transfer?
I don't think I should have been charged a fee to use my card.
Tell me how to verify a top up.
What is the maximum number of transactions I can make with one card?
Why is there a 1 euro fee on my statement?
Is it right that I've been charged for transferring money?
How do I know what my account is set to, I am paid in GBP?
How do I fix a broken card?
While getting cash, I was charged a fee.
Why is the refund not on my statement?
I want to do a cash deposit to top up. How do I do this?
How long do transfers typically take? Is there a way of speeding the process up? My friend needs the money I sent her desperately.
Once my card expires, what should I do?
Apple watch top up help, please?
Can you explain to me why a top up would be reverted?
Am I able to use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
I didn't know there was a charge for tranferring. What is the charge?
Why do I see an extra £1 charge on my statement?
I can not find my phone or it has been stolen.
What is the cost and time frame of getting a new card?
Why did you revert my top up?
Is there a fee to add money to an international card?
Can someone assist me by explaining why my card is not working?
Why was I not able to complete my transfer?
What happens if the ATM doesn't give me back my card?
What are eligible holding and exchange currencies?
Hae, I already completed my 3D secure authentication when I tried the crypto top up but it's still not working for me. I also don't understand what happened to the money in my account
help me link my card
Is it on purpose that my payment has been returned to my account?
I need a hand here, I need to top up cash.
I don't recognize this debit transaction in my billing statement?
Would you please check my Card. As Withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. Can you please check the problem?
Do you offer a discount for those who perform frequent currency exchanges?
My virtual card won't work.
Why do I have to give you my drivers license
How do I transfer money to my account?
I am interested in a Visa or Mastercard. Do you offer them?
How many top-ups can be approved?
I want to use a payment card to top up my account. How can I do this?
Why hasn't my payment gone through yet?
Why is my transfer more expensive than I thought?
Will I get charged on a foreign currencies exchange?
Does it cost to add money to my card?
My top up doesn't work
How much does it cost to exchange my balance into a foreign currency?
My refund doesn't seem to be showing on my statement.
When I want to transfer money to my account, how can I do that?
I want to get an item refunded
can i verify my identity i the app
Where can I modify my details?
Which countries are you available in?
If I exchange foreign currency, are there any other charges?
Hi,  One of payment is still coming as pending for which i have already paid by card. I guess it did not processed, could you please check and update me.
How do I get a new card when my old one expires?
What is the longest that a payment will show pending?  There is one showing that has been sitting there a few days.
I have foreign currency i would like to change how much will it cost me?
My payment's stuck on pending.
The transfer I tried to make failed.
How to change the PIN on my card?
Can you point me in the right direction of where to go to roder a disposable virtual card, I can't seem to find it.
Are there directions to get a new passcode if I forgot mine?
Something is wrong with my passcode
can i deposit a check here?
Please explain why my top-up didn't go through.
What is this strange payment in my account?
When will I get a new card when I order it, and how much will it cost.
How can I get my card out of the stupid ATM that ate it?
I added funds to my account but the app didn't process it.
What are these fees i am paying?
How much would it cost me if I transfer?
I can't see the transfer that I put in.
How much does it cost to us US cards?
My card isn't working at all. What happened?
If my card payment is cancelled, what should I do?
The ATM cancelled a transaction on me when I was trying to get some cash out.
At which ATMs can I use this card?
When will a cash withdrawal show up?
How quickly can you get me my card?
Can I still use the app if I switched phones?
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, but the payment just kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
Why is my ATM withdrawal still pending?
Can you tell me what the disposable cards are used for?
I've made a card payment a couple of days ago now but it looks like the money is stuck. How long does it typically take for the payment to go through?
I can't withdraw money
I want to request a physical card
Where is my top-up verification code?
Why has my card payment been reverted?
Why didn't my transfer go through?
Why is my transfer stuck on pending?
I do not have what is required to prove my identity
Hi, can you tell me why my transfer keeps being rejected? I've been trying to send money to my friends this morning but failed every time and I have no idea why?
What cards do you offer?
Can I transfer my salary if its in GBP?
I would like to know how my friend would be able to send me money
When I received my cash; they had my exchange rate incorrect.
How much do you charge for exchange rates?
I can't recognise this Direct Debit payment.
What major card payments are accepted?
What's the process of changing from GBP to AUD?
What do I do if i accidentally broke my card?
Help me get the virtual card working.
Why is there a random withdrawal in my app?
My ATM withdrawal was cancelled
What do I do to get ahold of my own card?
I tried doing an in country transfer earlier this week. I thought it would be there by now but I still don't see the money. Can you check the status on my transfer?
Where can I find your exchange rates?
I cannot find my PIN.
I transferred some funds but I don't see it
Am I limited to what ATM I can use my card?
Where do I find the auto top up option?
I made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but not exactly the same as the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. Can you alert me about this. What's been happening?
Can currencies be exchanged on this app?
why is there a fee for the transfer I made?
What is the highest amount of top ups I'm allowed?
Is there any way to see my card in the app?
Is there a fee for transferring money
I live in the EU.  Can I order one of your cards?
Is there a list of ATMs that take this card?
What are the steps needed to top up with Apple Pay?
How long does it take for a payment to go thru? I made one a few days ago and it has not been cleared yet.
When I got cash the exchange rate was wrong
My phone has been stolen.  How can I make sure no one uses my account from it?
I believe someone is using my card without my agreement!
the app reverted my payment
Where do I order a card?
i disagree with a charge
When will a transfer reach my account?
What currency is supported for exchanges and holding?
I tried to get gas but my money was gone!
What do I do for the identity check?
How can I move money from my account at a different bank to the account I have at this bank.
There is a payment made with my card that I don't recognize at all.
How do i access the auto top-up option?
Why hasn't my account updated?
I need your help to get a refund for an item I just bought, can you cancel the payment since what I bought hasn't arrived yet.
Where do I get a disposable virtual card?
I'm not happy, I want to close my account.
how much for a physical card?
I tired but an unable to activate my card.
Can I change my PIN remotely?
Can you tell me why my credit card was declined while trying to top-up?
Is it possible for me to get a virtual card?
I was not able to receive the correct amount of cash.
If I am not in the country and I need to change my PIN, how can this be done?
I may have a fraud charge on my debit statement.
Why did my transfer not work, it says it was declined?
The currency exchange for my purchase in foreign currency is incorrect.
please delete my account, your services are not up to par.
I don't recognise a card payment
My transfer is failing when I try to do it.
Is there a way to top-up automatically?
May I get my salary paid out in a different currency?
I'd like to make a SEPA transfer to my account, but will I be charged?
I had transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed.
There is a direct debit transaction that I did not authorize
can I use it in any country?
Why can't I see my funds after I topped up?
Where do I find the top-up verification code?
I don't think my top up is working correctly
Can I get a copy of the card by email?
Can I change from one currency to another?
Does it cost to exchange currencies with this card?
Can I use my account although the identity verification has not been accepted yet?
Hello. I tried doing a topup and I thought it worked, but now the money is no longer in my account. Can you explain?
I was informed that transfers were free. I noticed I have a fee but why?
There's a payment with my card that I didn't perform. I don't know that name shown.
Can I check to see where the funds came from?
I have not received the amount of cash i was supposed to.
Can I space out how often money is transferred along my travels?
Can I exchange to EUR?
How long until transfers complete?
I have an unknown debit charge in my statement, why?
I attempted to use my card while I was intoxicated, and I failed to input my PIN, and the machine kept my card. How soon can I have it back?
What is the charge for exchanging currency?
How can I verify my source of funds?
Tell me why there is a charge on my cash withdrawl.
Can I check somewhere if there will be a fee on my payment or not? Seems you are charging in some cases, what's the pattern there?
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already Would you please check if everything is okay with my account?
